<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 14/06/2023</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2000 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>Attendee | Moniker |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
          <td>JA</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Matthew Perry</td>
          <td>MP</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Timo Homburg</td>
          <td>TH</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Nicholas Car</td>
          <td>NC</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>
<p>Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>| —- | —- | — |</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>
<p>Time | Item | Who | Notes |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>2007</td>
          <td>Intro</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Call for Patents&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;None known&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;Roll Call&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees recorded in minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees confirmed vocally&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2007</td>
          <td>Run through actions</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>Results: <a href="#action_1">(<strong>Action 1</strong>)</a> <a href="#action_2">(<strong>Action 2</strong>)</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2013</td>
          <td>Rung through doings</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;URIs&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;URI have been requested&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Looking to build a knowledge graph from the artifacts and ensure that all patterns in use have been requested.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Chairs&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Will be conducted via email, notification, nomination, and votes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Interested people: TH, MP, JA&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;ISO Metanorma in CI: We will be setting up the OGC flavor of the ISO template and doing our work there&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2017</td>
          <td>Run through PRs and issues</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/407">#407</a>&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/416">#416</a>&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2052</td>
          <td>Discussion: Qualified geometries</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>Discussion required for Qualified Geometries. NC to create an issue to support discussion. Created standard project for 1.3.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2112</td>
          <td> </td>
          <td> </td>
          <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>
<p># | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td><span name="action_1">1</span></td>
          <td>Jo to add meeting notes to Github as markdown documents - starting with this one, and going forward</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>
