<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 26/07/2023</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2000 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>Attendee | Moniker |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
          <td>JA</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Matthew Perry</td>
          <td>MP</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Timo Homburg</td>
          <td>TH</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Linda van den Brink</td>
          <td>LV</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Paul Cripps</td>
          <td>PC</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>
<p>Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>n</td>
          <td>JA to discuss Mainz University membership and chairpersonship with TH and Scott Simmons - Only till August</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>n</td>
          <td>JA to kick off vote on chairs</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>
<p>Time | Item | Who | Notes |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>2007</td>
          <td>Intro</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Call for Patents&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;None known&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;Roll Call&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees recorded in minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees confirmed vocally&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2007</td>
          <td>Run through actions</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>No progress</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2013</td>
          <td>Chair vote</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Chairs confirmed&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Joseph Abhayaratna (Geoscape Australia)&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Timo Homburg (Mainz University of Applied Sciences)&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Matt Perry (Oracle)&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;ISO Co-publication&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Built document here: https://github.com/situx/mn-samples-ogc/actions/runs/5601836735&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Needs an abstract&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2017</td>
          <td>Run through PRs and issues</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/382">#382</a> ISO co-publication&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/427">#427</a> Support WKB literals in GeoSPARQL&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2050</td>
          <td>Other business</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>No other business</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2052</td>
          <td> </td>
          <td> </td>
          <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>
<p># | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td><span name="action_1">1</span></td>
          <td>Jo to add an abstract to the ISO document.</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td><span name="action_2">2</span></td>
          <td>Jo to confirm whether we can continue to edit the standard in the ISO co-pub template with Scott Simmons</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td><span name="action_3">3</span></td>
          <td>Jo to run through ISO co-pub ticket with Scott Simmons</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td><span name="action_4">4</span></td>
          <td>Jo to confirm chairs with Scott Simmons</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>
