<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom" ><generator uri="https://jekyllrb.com/" version="4.3.3">Jekyll</generator><link href="/ogc-geosparql/feed.xml" rel="self" type="application/atom+xml" /><link href="/ogc-geosparql/" rel="alternate" type="text/html" /><updated>2024-08-13T15:42:05+00:00</updated><id>/ogc-geosparql/feed.xml</id><title type="html">GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page</title><subtitle>Rescources and development versions of the GeoSPARQL standard</subtitle><entry><title type="html">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2024/05/29</title><link href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2024-05-29-notes/" rel="alternate" type="text/html" title="GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2024/05/29" /><published>2024-05-29T00:00:00+00:00</published><updated>2024-05-29T00:00:00+00:00</updated><id>/ogc-geosparql/blog/notes</id><content type="html" xml:base="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2024-05-29-notes/"><![CDATA[<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 05/29/2024</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2000 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Attendee</th>
      <th>Moniker</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Matthew Perry</td>
      <td>MP</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Timo Homburg</td>
      <td>TH</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Nicholas Car</td>
      <td>NC</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Paul Cripps</td>
      <td>PC</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Jo Abhayaratna</td>
      <td>JA</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>MP</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>

<p>| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| —- | —- | —- | — |</p>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Who</th>
      <th>Notes</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>2033</td>
      <td>General discussion of current status</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>TH: Discussion of GeoLD Workshop at ESWC 2024</li><li>NC: Discussion of need for 3D GeoSPARQL use cases</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2033</td>
      <td>Open Issues</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>[#523](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/523) Create a GH Issues template for 3D Use Cases<ul><li>JA: Would be good to get interested parties to attend one of our meetings</li></ul></li><li>[#513](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/513) SHACL links broken <ul><li>NC: these broken link issues will not be fixed unil OGC overhauls infrastructure</li></ul></li><li>[#511](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/511) 1.1: revise alignments<ul><li>JA: Still working on this new document - new computer issues</li></ul></li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2105</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td> </td>
      <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Responsible</th>
      <th>Due Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_1">1</span></td>
      <td>Create initial use case template with first use case example. <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/523">#523</a></td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>]]></content><author><name></name></author><summary type="html"><![CDATA[GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes Meeting Details Meeting Date: 05/29/2024]]></summary></entry><entry><title type="html">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2024/01/10</title><link href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2024-01-10-notes/" rel="alternate" type="text/html" title="GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2024/01/10" /><published>2024-01-10T00:00:00+00:00</published><updated>2024-01-10T00:00:00+00:00</updated><id>/ogc-geosparql/blog/notes</id><content type="html" xml:base="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2024-01-10-notes/"><![CDATA[<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 10/01/2024</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2000 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Attendee</th>
      <th>Moniker</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Matthew Perry</td>
      <td>MP</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Timo Homburg</td>
      <td>TH</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Nicholas Car</td>
      <td>NC</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>

<p>| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| —- | —- | —- | — |</p>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Who</th>
      <th>Notes</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>2014</td>
      <td>Intro</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td> Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2015</td>
      <td>Run through actions</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>TH: Fix [#463](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/463)<ul><li>TH: PR 470 ready for review</li><li>NC: Thought he already fixed it</li><li>[fixed] Merged PR [#470](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/470)</li></ul></li><li>TH: Complete work on  GeoSPARQL 1.1 Function URIs do not resolve in vocprez · Issue [#264](https://github.com/opengeospatial/NamingAuthority/issues/264)<ul><li>Unresolved issue with namespaces: Need one for parameters, Need one for outputs</li><li>PR [#469](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/469)<ul><li>TH: Will add a namespace for parameters and add a namespace for outputs</li><li>PREFIX geofo: <http://www.opengis.net/def/function/output/geosparql/></li></ul></li><li>NC: a bit too much RDF if everything is a vocabulary (required for vocprez rendering).</li><li>Good to define everything in the data but we don’t necessarily need to render everything.</li><li>Tell Gobe to only render functions vocab - don’t worry about sub elements.</li></ul></li><li>NC: Respond to [#451](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/451): Closed</li><li>JA: Chat to NC about [#249](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/249)<ul><li>NC: They should show us what JSON serialization they want so that we can evaluate it. They want a pure RDF serialization without a microformat for geometry</li><li>NC to respond to the issue.</li></ul><li>Misc topics:<ul><li>NC: Continuous Integration is building static vocabs and OGC NA is also rendering them - we should let OGC NA render them instead of us.<ul><li>NC will create a diagram and OGC NA will render artifacts</li><li>OGC NA wants confirmation that they have rendered all the things</li><li>TH: would still be good to render development versions of vocabs.</li></ul></li><li>NC: Could have published 1.1 spec document but all the other assets are preventing the release. Much longer checklist for release now.</li><li>NC: Issue [#430](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/430): Consider qualified geometries<ul><li>Should GeoSPARQL introduce the properties for qualification?</li><li>TH: issue was that the proposal was too general</li><li>NC: thinks it’s not general enough</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>Run through PRs</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>Run through PRs:<ul><li>[#466](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/466) TH to fix small errors from review</li><li>[#469](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/469)<ul><li>TH to add outputs namespace</li><li>Do we need to update SHACL?</li><li>Waiting for Paul to take a look</li></ul></li><li>[#488](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/488), [#489](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/489), [#485](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/485), [#487](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/487): Example links wrong in ontology file (wrong annex), [#486](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/486): Consistent capitalization</li></ul></li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>Run through issues</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>[#494](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/494) Should use wording suggestion in issue</li><li>[#492](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/492) Some typos</li><li>[#490](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/490) Need to make suggested corrections</li><li>[#474](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/474)NC: disagree that we should use turtle prefixes instead of SPARQL style.</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2134</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td> </td>
      <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Responsible</th>
      <th>Due Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_1">1</span></td>
      <td>Investigate reduced rendering of vocabs, etc. now that OGC-NA is doing it.</td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_2">2</span></td>
      <td>Respond to Issue <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/430">#430</a>  and write up ways to qualify a geometry, then we can see if proposed schemes cover them</td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_3">3</span></td>
      <td>Ask Scott about remaining items for publishing</td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>]]></content><author><name></name></author><summary type="html"><![CDATA[GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes Meeting Details Meeting Date: 10/01/2024]]></summary></entry><entry><title type="html">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/12/13</title><link href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2023-12-13-notes/" rel="alternate" type="text/html" title="GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/12/13" /><published>2023-12-13T00:00:00+00:00</published><updated>2023-12-13T00:00:00+00:00</updated><id>/ogc-geosparql/blog/notes</id><content type="html" xml:base="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2023-12-13-notes/"><![CDATA[<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 13/12/2023</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2000 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Attendee</th>
      <th>Moniker</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Matthew Perry</td>
      <td>MP</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Timo Homburg</td>
      <td>TH</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
      <td>JA</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Nicholas Car</td>
      <td>NC</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Paul Cripps</td>
      <td>PC</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>

<p>| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| —- | —- | —- | —- |</p>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Who</th>
      <th>Notes</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>2006</td>
      <td>Intro</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td> Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2007</td>
      <td>Run through actions</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>TH: Working through GeoSPARQL 1.1 Function URIs do not resolve in vocprez · Issue #264 · opengeospatial/NamingAuthority (github.com). Looking to use a parameter register to register parameters rather than the functions register. This is using https://fno.io.</li><li>JA: Contacted Thomas Kolbe and David Graham to ask how best to get feedback from them to represent the community.</li><li>TH: Pull request Geocode Literal proposal by situx · Pull Request [#466](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/466) · opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql (github.com) created to address [#428](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/428) and [#444](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/444)</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>Run through PRs</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/466">#466</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>Run through issues</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/249">#249</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2050</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td>Next meeting January 10 UTC2000</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2052</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td> </td>
      <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Responsible</th>
      <th>Due Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_1">1</span></td>
      <td>Fix <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/463">#463</a></td>
      <td>TH</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_2">2</span></td>
      <td>Complete work on <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/264">#264</a></td>
      <td>TH</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_3">3</span></td>
      <td>Respond to <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/451">#451</a></td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_4">4</span></td>
      <td>Chat to NC about  <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/249">#249</a></td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>]]></content><author><name></name></author><summary type="html"><![CDATA[GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes Meeting Details Meeting Date: 13/12/2023]]></summary></entry><entry><title type="html">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/11/29</title><link href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2023-11-29-notes/" rel="alternate" type="text/html" title="GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/11/29" /><published>2023-11-29T00:00:00+00:00</published><updated>2023-11-29T00:00:00+00:00</updated><id>/ogc-geosparql/blog/notes</id><content type="html" xml:base="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2023-11-29-notes/"><![CDATA[<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 29/11/2023</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2000 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Attendee</th>
      <th>Moniker</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Matthew Perry</td>
      <td>MP</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Timo Homburg</td>
      <td>TH</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
      <td>JA</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Nicholas Car</td>
      <td>NC</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Paul Cripps</td>
      <td>PC</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Done?</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Responsible</th>
      <th>Due Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>y</td>
      <td>Making corrections based on the link checker to the metanorma document.</td>
      <td>TH</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>?</td>
      <td>Check in with Scott and see where GeoSPARQL is in the publication process, and how a bug relating to Area (returns an RDF resource bu​​t should be an xsd:double). We’re also making corrections based on the link checker. Which version of the document will be published? (In Progress)</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>?</td>
      <td>Question for OGC: If we were to define an extension or outputs other than just GeoSPARQL, where would we put it?</td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>y</td>
      <td>Run a link checker over the ogc geosparql repository</td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Who</th>
      <th>Notes</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>2007</td>
      <td>Intro</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2007</td>
      <td>Run through actions</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>JA: Where are we with EWKB? EWKB can be standardised but must be standardised as is.</li><li>NC: Where are we with URI allocation? Numerous issues raised within the NamingAuthority GitHub repo that need to be addressed before URI will be allocated.</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>Coordination</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/462">#462</a> Approved&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/461">#461</a> Nick to complete and push to branch.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>Run through issues</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/444">#444</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2102</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td> </td>
      <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Responsible</th>
      <th>Due Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_1">1</span></td>
      <td>Fix <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/454">#454</a>, <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/455">#455</a>, and <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/463">#463</a></td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_2">2</span></td>
      <td>#264 of OGC Naming Authority Git Hub Repository - URIs do not resolve and things need to be fixed in the turtle file. This has been corrected by pull request <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/461">#461</a></td>
      <td>TH</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_3">3</span></td>
      <td>Respond to <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/451">#451</a></td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_4">4</span></td>
      <td>Reach out to 3DIM members to see if we can get them to join our group. <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/443">#443</a> , <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/429">#429</a></td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_5">5</span></td>
      <td>Looking at creating a pull request to address <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/444">#444</a> and <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/428">#428</a>.</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>]]></content><author><name></name></author><summary type="html"><![CDATA[GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes Meeting Details Meeting Date: 29/11/2023]]></summary></entry><entry><title type="html">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/11/01</title><link href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2023-11-01-notes/" rel="alternate" type="text/html" title="GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/11/01" /><published>2023-11-01T00:00:00+00:00</published><updated>2023-11-01T00:00:00+00:00</updated><id>/ogc-geosparql/blog/notes</id><content type="html" xml:base="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2023-11-01-notes/"><![CDATA[<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 01/11/2023</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2000 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Attendee</th>
      <th>Moniker</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Matthew Perry</td>
      <td>MP</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Timo Homburg</td>
      <td>TH</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
      <td>JA</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Done?</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Responsible</th>
      <th>Due Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>y</td>
      <td>Chat to Scott about membership</td>
      <td>TH</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>y</td>
      <td>Reach out to 3DIM DWG Chairs to see if we can get some of their members to join our next meeting or arrange a special joint meeting. <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/443">#443</a>, <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/429">#429</a></td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>y</td>
      <td>Run a link checker over the ogc geosparql repository</td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>in progress</td>
      <td>Run a link checker over the metanorma repository</td>
      <td>TH</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>?</td>
      <td>Question for OGC: If we were to define an extension or outputs other than just GeoSPARQL, where would we put it?</td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>y</td>
      <td>Write up options in <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/444">#444</a> and expose to PC’s geohash interest group</td>
      <td>TH/PC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Who</th>
      <th>Notes</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>2007</td>
      <td>Intro</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Quorum not reached</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2007</td>
      <td>Run through actions</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>Run through issues</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/447">#447</a> Bug in geof:area function</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>Coordination</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>Timo attended the IIIF 3D working group where they’re talking about rendering 3D in the web browser. At the moment the only overlap is the speech bubble, where WKT is being used to define the speech bubble. https://github.com/IIIF/3d</li><li>Potential for presentation at the Geo-LD conference, if it occurs. https://i3mainz.github.io/GeoLD2022/</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2043</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td> </td>
      <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Responsible</th>
      <th>Due Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_1">1</span></td>
      <td>Making corrections based on the link checker to the metanorma document.</td>
      <td>TH</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_2">2</span></td>
      <td>Check in with Scott and see where GeoSPARQL is in the publication process, and how a bug relating to Area (returns an RDF resource bu​​t should be an xsd:double). We’re also making corrections based on the link checker. Which version of the document will be published? (In Progress)</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_3">3</span></td>
      <td>Question for OGC: If we were to define an extension or outputs other than just GeoSPARQL, where would we put it?</td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_4">4</span></td>
      <td>Run a link checker over the ogc geosparql repository</td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>]]></content><author><name></name></author><summary type="html"><![CDATA[GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes Meeting Details Meeting Date: 01/11/2023]]></summary></entry><entry><title type="html">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/10/18</title><link href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2023-10-18-notes/" rel="alternate" type="text/html" title="GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/10/18" /><published>2023-10-18T00:00:00+00:00</published><updated>2023-10-18T00:00:00+00:00</updated><id>/ogc-geosparql/blog/notes</id><content type="html" xml:base="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2023-10-18-notes/"><![CDATA[<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 18/10/2023</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2000 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Attendee</th>
      <th>Moniker</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Matthew Perry</td>
      <td>MP</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Timo Homburg</td>
      <td>TH</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
      <td>JA</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Nicholas Car</td>
      <td>NC</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Paul Cripps</td>
      <td>PC</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Done?</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Responsible</th>
      <th>Due Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>n</td>
      <td>Chat to Scott about membership</td>
      <td>TH</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>y</td>
      <td>Nudge OGC staff to reflect new Chairs</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>y</td>
      <td>Report to OGC that the URL rewriter is adding an extra def as per the note.</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>y</td>
      <td>Check with Scott, what does the OGC recommend we do with different translations? Does the name server support different languages?</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>y</td>
      <td>Bring Scott’s attention to <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/429">#429</a>. Looks like it would be good to get Scott and OGC’s 3D brains trust to join the next meeting to discuss what they’d like to see in the Linked Data representation of OGC 3D “stuff”.</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Who</th>
      <th>Notes</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>2007</td>
      <td>Intro</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2007</td>
      <td>Run through actions</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>Run through pull requests</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/443">#443</a> Draft for inclusion of surface textures and materials<ul><li>Looks like a good candidate for modular extension</li><li>Question for OGC: If we were to define an extension, where would we put it?</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>Run through issues</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/444">#444</a> Geocoding Support in GeoSPARQL</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2102</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td> </td>
      <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Responsible</th>
      <th>Due Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_1">1</span></td>
      <td>Chat to Scott about membership</td>
      <td>TH</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_2">2</span></td>
      <td>Reach out to 3DIM DWG Chairs to see if we can get some of their members to join our next meeting or arrange a special joint meeting. <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/443">#443</a>, <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/429">#429</a></td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_3">3</span></td>
      <td>Run a link checker over the ogc geosparql repository</td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_4">4</span></td>
      <td>Run a link checker over the metanorma repository</td>
      <td>TH</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_5">5</span></td>
      <td>Question for OGC: If we were to define an extension or outputs other than just GeoSPARQL, where would we put it?</td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_6">6</span></td>
      <td>Write up options in <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/444">#444</a> and expose to PC’s geohash interest group</td>
      <td>TH/PC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>]]></content><author><name></name></author><summary type="html"><![CDATA[GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes Meeting Details Meeting Date: 18/10/2023]]></summary></entry><entry><title type="html">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/09/20</title><link href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2023-09-20-notes/" rel="alternate" type="text/html" title="GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/09/20" /><published>2023-09-20T00:00:00+00:00</published><updated>2023-09-20T00:00:00+00:00</updated><id>/ogc-geosparql/blog/notes</id><content type="html" xml:base="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2023-09-20-notes/"><![CDATA[<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 20/09/2023</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2000 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Attendee</th>
      <th>Moniker</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Matthew Perry</td>
      <td>MP</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Timo Homburg</td>
      <td>TH</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
      <td>JA</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Linda van den Brink</td>
      <td>LV</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Done?</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Responsible</th>
      <th>Due Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>y</td>
      <td>Get metanorma repository in a state to be reviewed by OGC</td>
      <td>TH</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>y</td>
      <td>Organise review of ISO repository by OGC staff</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Who</th>
      <th>Notes</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>2005</td>
      <td>Intro</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2007</td>
      <td>Run through actions</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>Run through pull requests</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>[#292](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/292)<ul><li>Not sure if we need another French language review</li><li>We have 1 review so far - we need 2 before we can merge the PR</li><li>LVB to get back to second reviewer to notify of need to review</li></ul></li><li>TH - not sure how language translations affect OGC NA URIs - do we show a single language or multiple in the HTML renderings?</li><li>OGC-based CRS URIs seem to be missing (404 not found):<ul><li>For example, http://www.opengis.net/def/crs/OGC/1.3/CRS84</li><li>Redirects to https://crs.rasdaman.com/defdef/crs/OGC/1.3/CRS84 -> should be https://crs.rasdaman.com/def/crs/OGC/1.3/CRS84</li></ul></li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2041</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td> </td>
      <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Responsible</th>
      <th>Due Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_1">1</span></td>
      <td>Chat to Scott about membership</td>
      <td>TH</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_2">2</span></td>
      <td>Nudge OGC staff to reflect new Chairs</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_3">3</span></td>
      <td>Report to OGC that the URL rewriter is adding an extra def as per the note.</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_4">4</span></td>
      <td>Check with Scott, what does the OGC recommend we do with different translations? Does the name server support different languages?</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_5">5</span></td>
      <td>Bring Scott’s attention to <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/429">#429</a>. Looks like it would be good to get Scott and OGC’s 3D brains trust to join the next meeting to discuss what they’d like to see in the Linked Data representation of OGC 3D “stuff”.</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>]]></content><author><name></name></author><summary type="html"><![CDATA[GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes Meeting Details Meeting Date: 20/09/2023]]></summary></entry><entry><title type="html">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/09/06</title><link href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2023-09-06-notes/" rel="alternate" type="text/html" title="GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/09/06" /><published>2023-09-06T00:00:00+00:00</published><updated>2023-09-06T00:00:00+00:00</updated><id>/ogc-geosparql/blog/notes</id><content type="html" xml:base="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2023-09-06-notes/"><![CDATA[<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 06/09/2023</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2000 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="text-align: left">Attendee</th>
      <th style="text-align: right">Moniker</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: left">Matthew Perry</td>
      <td style="text-align: right">MP</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: left">Timo Homburg</td>
      <td style="text-align: right">TH</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: left">Nicholas Car</td>
      <td style="text-align: right">NC</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: left">Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
      <td style="text-align: right">JA</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>MP</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>

<p>| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| —- | —- | —- | — |</p>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Who</th>
      <th>Notes</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>2005</td>
      <td>Intro</td>
      <td>MP</td>
      <td>Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2007</td>
      <td>Run through actions</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td>None</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>ISO Publication Questions</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>What should be in editors and what should be in Contributors?</li><li>Does the license need to be there, or is it replaced by ISO’s license?</li><li>Terms and definitions section appears twice, we couldn’t work out how to remove it.</li><li>The Normative Reference section looks very different to the Bibliography, have we done something wrong in the Normative Reference section - it doesn’t look as nicely rendered as the other sections.</li><li>Does the document more or less look like what you’d expect? If not, what should change.</li><li>Repository location: https://github.com/situx/mn-samples-ogc</li><li>Latest build artefacts: https://github.com/situx/mn-samples-ogc/actions/runs/6025922660</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2041</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td> </td>
      <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Responsible</th>
      <th>Due Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_1">1</span></td>
      <td>Get metanorma repository in a state to be reviewed by OGC</td>
      <td>TH</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_2">2</span></td>
      <td>Organise review of ISO repository by OGC staff</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>]]></content><author><name></name></author><summary type="html"><![CDATA[GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes Meeting Details Meeting Date: 06/09/2023]]></summary></entry><entry><title type="html">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/08/23</title><link href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2023-08-23-notes/" rel="alternate" type="text/html" title="GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/08/23" /><published>2023-08-23T00:00:00+00:00</published><updated>2023-08-23T00:00:00+00:00</updated><id>/ogc-geosparql/blog/notes</id><content type="html" xml:base="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2023-08-23-notes/"><![CDATA[<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 23/08/2023</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2000 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Attendee</th>
      <th>Moniker</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Matthew Perry</td>
      <td>MP</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Timo Homburg</td>
      <td>TH</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Nicholas Car</td>
      <td>NC</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
      <td>JA</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>MP</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>

<p>| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| —- | —- | —- | — |</p>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Who</th>
      <th>Notes</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>2012</td>
      <td>Intro</td>
      <td>MP</td>
      <td>Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2015</td>
      <td>Run through actions</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td>NC - Issue <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/433">#433</a> - working on fixing hyperlinks</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>ISO Publication Discussion</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>TH - Fixed ISO doc links: Jo needs to meet with Scott about pending issues</li><li>TH - Annex A4 for DGGS</li><li>NC - need to fix DGGS Annex sections in original GeoSPARQL 1.1 doc too [#436](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/436)</li><li>NC - we can close metanorma format ticket [#425](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/425)</li><li>JA - OGC allows maintaining document in metanorma format<ul><li>We should merge the 1.1 spec into the master document and then maintain it in metanorma format</li><li>OGC can pull their document out of metanorma</li><li>Once we are happy with a 1.1 metanorma document, we can give the branch to OGC team to do final modifications and change requests for ISO</li></ul></li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>Spatial Ontology</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>JA - OGC has a desire to support spatial ontology work. Scott thinks GeoSPARQL group would be the group to do the ontology work - with collaboration with GeoSemantics DWG</li><li>TH & NC - We are committed to 1.3 and doing it, but spatial ontology is a larger work that needs more discussion.</li><li>JA - Pieces of the ontology will probably emerge from 1.3 work</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>Chairs</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td>JA - Scott to make updates for new chairs</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>Meeting notes</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td>JA will push the meeting notes to GIT as markdown doc</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>EWKB</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>MP - is it an issue if EWKB is not defined in another OGC spec</li><li>NC - we may have to do a brief definition of it similar to what we did with DGGS Literal</li><li>JA - it may be a problem - we could ask them to support it as a community standard</li><li>TH - we also encourage the use of SRID URI instead of encoded SRID in binary</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>Qualified Geometries</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>[#418](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/418) - discussed how this interacts with qualified features. Specific example being proposed buildings and their different geometries and the need to use a different style for fuzzy geometries in EU/Germany. Discussion with NC required</li><li>Issues for consideration: Confirming scope, Spatial Ontology</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2121</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td> </td>
      <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>

<p>| # | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| —- | —- | —- | —- |</p>]]></content><author><name></name></author><summary type="html"><![CDATA[GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes Meeting Details Meeting Date: 23/08/2023]]></summary></entry><entry><title type="html">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/08/09</title><link href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2023-08-09-notes/" rel="alternate" type="text/html" title="GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/08/09" /><published>2023-08-09T00:00:00+00:00</published><updated>2023-08-09T00:00:00+00:00</updated><id>/ogc-geosparql/blog/notes</id><content type="html" xml:base="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2023-08-09-notes/"><![CDATA[<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 09/08/2023</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2000 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Attendee</th>
      <th>Moniker</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
      <td>JA</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Matthew Perry</td>
      <td>MP</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Timo Homburg</td>
      <td>TH</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Linda van den Brink</td>
      <td>LV</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Done?</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Responsible</th>
      <th>Due Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>n</td>
      <td>JA to discuss Mainz University membership and chairpersonship with TH and Scott Simmons - Only till August</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>y</td>
      <td>JA to kick off vote on chairs</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Who</th>
      <th>Notes</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>2005</td>
      <td>Intro</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2007</td>
      <td>Run through actions</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td>No progress</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2017</td>
      <td>Run through PRs and issues</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>[#418](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/418) - discussed how this interacts with qualified features. Specific example being proposed buildings and their different geometries and the need to use a different style for fuzzy geometries in EU/Germany. Discussion with NC required</li><li>Issues for consideration: Confirming scope, Spatial Ontology</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2045</td>
      <td>CRS as ProjJSON-LD</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>Looking at whether CRS can be represented using Projection JSON. We would then define a JSON-LD context for it. This would require an OGC namespace, but we’ll need to consider who would sponsor the request through OGC-NA.</li><li>TH - Can we make corrections in the spec since it’s already approved or is it too late? We need to check with Scott. ISO version could potentially have some fixes.</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2100</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td> </td>
      <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Responsible</th>
      <th>Due Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_1">1</span></td>
      <td>Jo to confirm whether OGC has interest/appetite for developing a Spatial Ontology or having it be part of GeoSPARQL.</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><span name="action_2">2</span></td>
      <td>Jo to reach out to Martin Disresseaux about Projection JSON.</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>]]></content><author><name></name></author><summary type="html"><![CDATA[GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes Meeting Details Meeting Date: 09/08/2023]]></summary></entry></feed>