# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 02/12/2020
**Meeting Time:** 1530 UTC
**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Dalia Varanka | DV |
Frans Knibbe | FK |
Gabriella Wiersma | GW |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Paul Cripps | PC |
Timo Homburg | TH |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
None

## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1530 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents <BR/> - None known <BR/> Roll Call <BR/> - Attendees recorded in minutes |
1540 | Updates on issues | All | - Update on Issues 10 and 15, publishing the underlying definitions on the Semantic Web (*Action 1*) |
1600 | Issue #7 | TH | Has a pull request, but is waiting on a functions artefact to add the output for aggregates to. <BR/> There is already issue #56 that aims to address these (*Action 2*) |
1615 | Issue #1 | TH | Issue #1 has a pull request. Discussion suggests we will not add the Entailment Extensions for GeoJSON. We will also look to seek feedback on removing the entailment extensions in 2.0. (*Action 3*) |
1625 | Increasing visibility | FK | - Looking for more visibility of the 1.1 GeoSPARQL update and related work (*Actions 4 and 5*) |
1642 | Visibility with vendors | NC | Want to ensure that vendors are aware of our activities, and provide input. We’d like somewhere where we vendor involvement/awareness is recorded (*Actions 6, 7, and 8*) |
1651 | Mailing list | FK | Still some issues with the mailing list (*Action 9*) |
1652 | Scope | PC | Is this file in scope for this activity: http://schemas.opengis.net/sf/1.0/simple_features_geometries.rdf (*Action 10*) |
1653 | Grooming | FK | More issues have been added (e.g., 42 and 43) since we groomed items for 1.1 and 2.0 (*Action 11*) |
1656 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- |
1 | Run through GeoSPARQL 1.0 and add candidate terms and definitions to issue 10. Looking for Geometry for example | NC | Next Meeting |
2 | Review version 1.0 profile added by NC (https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/58) based on requirements for Issue #7. Use this as the starting point for adding items | TH | Next Meeting |
3 | Create issue in Github; Chairs to increase community awareness of the update, and in particular these feedback requirements | FK | Next Meeting |
4 | Discuss with Scott Simmons whether we can add links to press releases re White Paper and current working group on the GeoSPARQL standards homepage @ https://www.ogc.org/standards/geosparql | JA | Next Meeting |
5 | Edit the Github project homepage to describe: how to get involved, what we’re doing, etc., | FK | Next Meeting |
6 | Create an issue with vendors communicated with | NC | Next Meeting |
7 | Add Virtuoso to Vendor List | TH | Next Meeting |
8 | Create communications plan | JA | Next Meeting |
9 | Chase up Frans's access to the GeoSPARQL Mailing List | JA | Next Meeting |
10 | Add reference to the profile for the simple features geometries | NC | Next Meeting |
11 | Add grooming of new issues to agenda of next meeting | JA | Next Meeting |
