# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 18/11/2020

**Meeting Time:** 1530 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Dimitris Kotzinos | DK |
Frans Knibbe | FK |
Gabriella Wiersma | GW |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Josh Lieberman | JL |
Krzysztof Janowicz | KJ |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Paul Cripps | PC |
Simon Cox | SC |
Timo Homburg | TH |

## Note Takers
- JA
- KJ

## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1530 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents <BR/> - None known <BR/> Roll Call <BR/> - Attendees recorded in minutes |
1540 | Protocols | All | - Minutes will be taken in Google Doc, and translated to Github meetings log <BR/> - Setup: pull requests will be checked by two other members of the group <BR/> Reviewing 1.1 pull requests. |
1550 | Issues and Pull Requests | All | Closing issue https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/50 <BR/> Merging pull request https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/53 |
1600 | Issue #10 | Also relates to https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/15 |
1610 | Scope | - Making all definitions e.g., for Geometry, Web-available in Semantic Web Format / RDF <BR/> - SC: All we are discussing for now are annotation properties that do not affect semantics <BR> - Discussion on whether the 1.0 ontology should be changed at all no matter whether it will chains any entailments. <BR> - **Agreement:** All the changes will be made to 1.1, not 1.0. |
1620 | GeoJSON https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/48 | NC | - Discussion on how to deal with geo:hasSerialization and more specific serializations such as GeoJSON. <BR/> - KJ/NC/SC on the need for URIs for Geometries etc <BR/> - MP: There are useful use cases for serialization specific relationships such as asWKT. <BR/> **Agreement:** #48 can be approved |
1630 | Representing empty literals | TH | - Are we restricting us to WGS84 → the format does this, not us. <BR/> - JL: This would have to be a flavor of JSON that does not conform to GeoJSON <BR/> - SC: GeoJSON is unlikely to change and one would need another serialization and there even may be naming issues <BR/> - JL: There are many reasons to have a GeoSPARQL-JSON <BR/> - TH: do we need something like ‘empty’ points? Instead of a NULL geometry <BR/> - NC → POINT() but (TH) how does this differ from the entirely empty literal? <BR/> - Two class hierarchies, why? <BR/> - SC: As far as OGC is concerned all roads lead to https://www.iso.org/standard/66175.html Does are not Web-ready so to speak |
1650 | Other Business | All | Do we want to allow for external artifacts? At last not those that would create logical inconsistencies depending on the formalism we use. |


## Action Items
None
