# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 16/12/2020

**Meeting Time:** 2030 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Dimitris Kotzinos | DK |
Frans Knibbe | FK |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Josh Lieberman | JL |
Krzysztof Janowicz | KJ |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Paul Cripps | PC |
Robert Gibb | RG |
Timo Homburg | TH |

## Note Takers
- JA
- NC

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
Y | Run through GeoSPARQL 1.0 and add candidate terms and definitions to issue https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/10. Looking for Geometry for example | NC | Next Meeting |
Y | Review version 1.0 profile added by NC (https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/58) based on requirements for Issue https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/7. Use this as the starting point for adding items | TH | Next Meeting |
Y | Create issue in Github; Chairs to increase community awareness of the update, and in particular these feedback requirements | FK | Next Meeting |
Y | Discuss with Scott Simmons whether we can add links to press releases re White Paper and current working group on the GeoSPARQL standards homepage @ https://www.ogc.org/standards/geosparql | JA | Next Meeting |
Y | Edit the Github project homepage to describe: how to get involved, what weâ€™re doing, etc., | FK | Next Meeting |
Y | Create an issue with vendors communicated with | NC | Next Meeting |
Y | Add Virtuoso to Vendor List | TH | Next Meeting |
Y | Create communications plan | JA | Next Meeting |
Y | Chase up Frans's access to the GeoSPARQL Mailing List | JA | Next Meeting |
Y | Add reference to the profile for the simple features geometries | NC | Next Meeting |
Y | Add grooming of new issues to agenda of next meeting | JA | Next Meeting |

## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
2030 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents <BR/> - None known <BR/> Roll Call <BR/> - Attendees recorded in minutes |
2043 | Voting | JA | Email voting does not create a convenient record of decisions, and is limited in visibility. **Agreement:** We will turn to GitHub Issues, rather than email. Better tracking and more transparent |
2047 | Current Work | JA | Worked through a review of Github Project Iteration 1 using screen sharing |
2050 | Open Issues | All | - Issue #40 was Closed because we have added the TTL version to the repo and are using that to edit the standard <BR/> - PR https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/1 has achieved 2 approvals, and as agreed by the SWG has been accepted into the version 1.1 draft. <BR/> - Issue https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/56 is likely to be closed soon since it's substantially answered. A new Issue has been been raised (https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/67) to source the RIF rules for Profile 1.0. <BR/> - Issue #7  is awaiting approval of https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/58, and then this is ready for review. Question: Minimum Bounding Circle. <BR/> - https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/33 will be reviewed by NC in time for one of the first meetings in 2021 and will split int 1.1 v. 2.0 elements |
2110 | Next meeting | JA | - Discussion about next meeting v. holidays. It seems Jan 13th is reasonable to reconvene with the Dec 31st meeting skipped. **Agreement:** Jan 13th selected as next meeting |
2115 | | JA | Chair handed to DK |
2120 | Ontology Definitions | NC | (*Action 1*) |
2126 | Grooming | NC, JA | - Discussion of un-rated Issues, newest first, multiple Milestones assigned <BR/> - List of unassigned Issues down to 1 page |
2204 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1 | Add a table of current practices to Issue https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/63 and the SWG can pick up direction from that | NC | Next Meeting |
