<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>

  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">

  <title>GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2021/07/28</title>
  <meta name="description" content="GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting MinutesMeeting DetailsMeeting Date: 28/07/2021">

  <link rel="stylesheet" href="/ogc-geosparql/css/main.css">
  <link rel="canonical" href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2021-07-28-notes/">
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page" href="/ogc-geosparql/feed.xml">
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.simplecss.org/simple.min.css">
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/jquery@3.6.4/dist/jquery.min.js"></script>
</head>


  <body>

    <header style="position:fixed;width:100%" id="topNav" class="site-header">
  <nav>
  <a href="#geosparql10">GeoSPARQL 1.0</a>
  <a href="#geosparql11">GeoSPARQL 1.1</a>
  <a href="#geosparql12">GeoSPARQL 1.2</a>
  <a href="#geosparql12">GeoSPARQL Development Draft</a>
  <a href="#relatedwork">Related Work</a>
  </nav>
  
  <h3>GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2021/07/28</h3>
  
</header>


    <div class="page-content" style="padding-top: 200px;">
      <div class="wrapper">
        
<article class="post" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/BlogPosting">

  <div class="post-content" itemprop="articleBody" markdown="1">
    

<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 28/07/2021</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2030 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Attendee</th>
      <th>Moniker</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Timo Homburg</td>
      <td>TH</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Matt Perry</td>
      <td>MP</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
      <td>JA</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Frans Knibbe</td>
      <td>FK</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Nicholas Car</td>
      <td>NC</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Paul Cripps</td>
      <td>PC</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Mathias Bonduel</td>
      <td>MB</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Done?</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Responsible</th>
      <th>Due Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>N</td>
      <td>NC to put in a PR to update to ToC (as Ingo)</td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>N</td>
      <td>Create a pull request to remove the inSRS property</td>
      <td>TH</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Who</th>
      <th>Notes</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>2043</td>
      <td>Intro</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2044</td>
      <td>Run through of Pull Requests</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;adding a bunch of shapes <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/173">#173</a>&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Key questions:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;How should we manage shapes that are not part of the standard i.e., look at the spatial data rather than just the structure.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Resolutions&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;We will create a folder for useful scripts, to enable people to continue working on things that are not part of the specification. This work can be maintained by a community group.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;To Do:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;MB to complete his additions&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;JA to raise the community group at Geosemantics DWG.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC to change the domain of scalars to SpatialObject from Feature.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH to create issue for discussion on Shape 1. Done: <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/177">#177</a>&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;DISCUSSION:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Shape 1: Conflict relating to whether there should be only one serialization for a geometry. FK: looks like it goes beyond the scope of the ontology.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Should hasLength, hasArea, etc., have constraints on cardinality e.g., A Feature can have only one area? No. But we would like to shift the Domain of them to SpatialObject to enable Geometry’s to have hasLength, etc.,&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Modeled conformance classes <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/176">#176</a>&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;To do: NC and FK to review the PR&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Update geo.ttl: redefine ontology terms for DGGS <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/136">#136</a>&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;To do: NC to take a look and comment on this PR, re currency and relevance.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2154</td>
      <td>GeoSPARQL Compliance Benchmark</td>
      <td>TH</td>
      <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Link: https://www.mdpi.com/2220-9964/10/7/487&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Wikipedia article for GeoSPARQL was a bit outdated. TH has made some updates, but we should all take a look.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2156</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td> </td>
      <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>

<p>| # | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| —- | —- | —- | —- |</p>
  </div>

</article>
<a href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2021-08-11-notes/">Previous</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2021-07-14-notes/">Next</a>
      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <h2 class="footer-heading">GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page</h2>

    <div class="footer-col-wrapper">
      <div class="footer-col footer-col-1">
        <ul class="contact-list">
          <li>GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page</li>
          <li><a href="mailto:geosparql.swg@lists.opengeospatial.org">geosparql.swg@lists.opengeospatial.org</a></li>
        </ul>
      </div>

      <div class="footer-col footer-col-2">
        <ul class="social-media-list">
          <li>
            <a href="https://opengeospatial.github.io/ogc-geosparql/blog/">Meeting Notes</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>

      <div class="footer-col footer-col-3">
        <p>Rescources and development versions of the GeoSPARQL standard</p>
      </div>
    </div>

  </div>

</footer>


  </body>

</html>
