<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>

  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">

  <title>GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2020/12/16</title>
  <meta name="description" content="GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting MinutesMeeting DetailsMeeting Date: 16/12/2020">

  <!--<link rel="stylesheet" href="/ogc-geosparql/css/main.css">-->
  <link rel="canonical" href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2020-12-16-notes/">
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page" href="/ogc-geosparql/feed.xml">
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.simplecss.org/simple.min.css">
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/jquery@3.6.4/dist/jquery.min.js"></script>
</head>


  <body>

    <header style="position:fixed;width:100%" id="topNav" class="site-header">
  <nav>
    <a href="/ogc-geosparql/geosparql10/">GeoSPARQL 1.0</a>
    <a href="/ogc-geosparql/geosparql11/">GeoSPARQL 1.1</a>
    <a href="/ogc-geosparql/geosparql12/">GeoSPARQL 1.2</a>
    <a href="/ogc-geosparql/geosparql13/">GeoSPARQL Development Draft</a>
    <a href="/ogc-geosparql/relatedwork/">Related Work</a>
</nav>

  
  <h3>GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2020/12/16</h3>
  
</header>
 

    <div class="page-content" style="padding-top: 200px;">
      <div class="wrapper">
        
<article class="post" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/BlogPosting">

  <div class="post-content" itemprop="articleBody" markdown="1">
    

<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 16/12/2020</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2030 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Attendee</th>
      <th>Moniker</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Dimitris Kotzinos</td>
      <td>DK</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Frans Knibbe</td>
      <td>FK</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
      <td>JA</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Josh Lieberman</td>
      <td>JL</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Krzysztof Janowicz</td>
      <td>KJ</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Matthew Perry</td>
      <td>MP</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Nicholas Car</td>
      <td>NC</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Paul Cripps</td>
      <td>PC</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Robert Gibb</td>
      <td>RG</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Timo Homburg</td>
      <td>TH</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
  <li>NC</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Done?</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Responsible</th>
      <th>Due Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Y</td>
      <td>Run through GeoSPARQL 1.0 and add candidate terms and definitions to issue https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/10. Looking for Geometry for example</td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Y</td>
      <td>Review version 1.0 profile added by NC (https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/58) based on requirements for Issue https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/7. Use this as the starting point for adding items</td>
      <td>TH</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Y</td>
      <td>Create issue in Github; Chairs to increase community awareness of the update, and in particular these feedback requirements</td>
      <td>FK</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Y</td>
      <td>Discuss with Scott Simmons whether we can add links to press releases re White Paper and current working group on the GeoSPARQL standards homepage @ https://www.ogc.org/standards/geosparql</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Y</td>
      <td>Edit the Github project homepage to describe: how to get involved, what we’re doing, etc.,</td>
      <td>FK</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Y</td>
      <td>Create an issue with vendors communicated with</td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Y</td>
      <td>Add Virtuoso to Vendor List</td>
      <td>TH</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Y</td>
      <td>Create communications plan</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Y</td>
      <td>Chase up Frans’s access to the GeoSPARQL Mailing List</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Y</td>
      <td>Add reference to the profile for the simple features geometries</td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Y</td>
      <td>Add grooming of new issues to agenda of next meeting</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Who</th>
      <th>Notes</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>2030</td>
      <td>Intro</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Call for Patents <br /> - None known <br /> Roll Call <br /> - Attendees recorded in minutes</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2043</td>
      <td>Voting</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Email voting does not create a convenient record of decisions, and is limited in visibility. <strong>Agreement:</strong> We will turn to GitHub Issues, rather than email. Better tracking and more transparent</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2047</td>
      <td>Current Work</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Worked through a review of Github Project Iteration 1 using screen sharing</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2050</td>
      <td>Open Issues</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td>- Issue #40 was Closed because we have added the TTL version to the repo and are using that to edit the standard <br /> - PR https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/1 has achieved 2 approvals, and as agreed by the SWG has been accepted into the version 1.1 draft. <br /> - Issue https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/56 is likely to be closed soon since it’s substantially answered. A new Issue has been been raised (https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/67) to source the RIF rules for Profile 1.0. <br /> - Issue #7  is awaiting approval of https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/58, and then this is ready for review. Question: Minimum Bounding Circle. <br /> - https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/33 will be reviewed by NC in time for one of the first meetings in 2021 and will split int 1.1 v. 2.0 elements</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2110</td>
      <td>Next meeting</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>- Discussion about next meeting v. holidays. It seems Jan 13th is reasonable to reconvene with the Dec 31st meeting skipped. <strong>Agreement:</strong> Jan 13th selected as next meeting</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2115</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Chair handed to DK</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2120</td>
      <td>Ontology Definitions</td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>(<em>Action 1</em>)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2126</td>
      <td>Grooming</td>
      <td>NC, JA</td>
      <td>- Discussion of un-rated Issues, newest first, multiple Milestones assigned <br /> - List of unassigned Issues down to 1 page</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2204</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td> </td>
      <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>#</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Responsible</th>
      <th>Due Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>1</td>
      <td>Add a table of current practices to Issue https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/63 and the SWG can pick up direction from that</td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>Next Meeting</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
  </div>

</article>
<a href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2020-12-02-notes/">Previous</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2021-01-13-notes/">Next</a>
      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <h5 class="footer-heading">GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page</h5>

    <div class="footer-col-wrapper">
      <div class="footer-col footer-col-1">
        <ul class="contact-list" style="list-style-type:none;">
          <li>GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page</li>
          <li><a href="mailto:geosparql.swg@lists.opengeospatial.org">geosparql.swg@lists.opengeospatial.org</a></li>
        </ul>
      </div>

      <div class="footer-col footer-col-2">
        <ul class="social-media-list" style="list-style-type:none;">
          <li>
            <a href="https://opengeospatial.github.io/ogc-geosparql/blog/">Meeting Notes</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>

      <div class="footer-col footer-col-3">
        <p>Rescources and development versions of the GeoSPARQL standard</p>
      </div>
    </div>

  </div>

</footer>


  </body>

</html>
