<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>

  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">

  <title>GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2021/08/11</title>
  <meta name="description" content="GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting MinutesMeeting DetailsMeeting Date: 11/08/2021">

  <link rel="stylesheet" href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/css/main.css">
  <link rel="canonical" href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2021-08-11-notes/">
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page" href="/ogc-geosparql/feed.xml">
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.simplecss.org/simple.min.css">
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/jquery@3.6.4/dist/jquery.min.js"></script>
</head>


  <body>

    <header style="position:fixed;width:100%" id="topNav" class="site-header">
  <nav>
  <a href="#geosparql10">GeoSPARQL 1.0</a>
  <a href="#geosparql11">GeoSPARQL 1.1</a>
  <a href="#geosparql12">GeoSPARQL 1.2</a>
  <a href="#geosparql12">GeoSPARQL Development Draft</a>
  <a href="#relatedwork">Related Work</a>
  </nav>
  
  <h3>GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2021/08/11</h3>
  
</header>


    <div class="page-content" style="padding-top: 200px;">
      <div class="wrapper">
        <article class="post" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/BlogPosting">

  <div class="post-content" itemprop="articleBody" markdown="1">
    

<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 11/08/2021</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2030 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>Attendee | Moniker |
—- | —- |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Matt Perry | MP |
Frans Knibbe | FK |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Mathias Bonduel | MB |</p>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>
<p>Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—- | —- | —- | — |</p>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>
<p>Time | Item | Who | Notes |
—- | —- | —- | —- |
2036 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;None known&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;Roll Call&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees recorded in minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees confirmed vocally&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; |
2044 | Run through of Pull Requests | JA | &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;dcterms:isPartOf flipped to rdfs:member <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/188">#188</a><br />Small PR to change dcterms:isPartOf to rdfs:member&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;AusPIX removed from normative standing <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/190">#190</a>&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;SpatialMeasure props to use SpatialObject not Feature for domain <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/184">#184</a> &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Domain of SpatialMeasure properties to be SpatialObject&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Internal IRIs <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/186">#186</a>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Convert IRIs in the spec to point to relevant sections of the spec document rather than the ontology&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;The first hyperlink for the IRI (in the definition) still points to the ontology&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH: Ok with link to the document, but we should keep the namespace reference in the link text for the IRI link&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: Flow of the text is better without the namespace&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: Will add back namespace for requirement text and leave namespace off of other references in text.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: Will put PR back into draft until done making some changes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Relation of CQL to GeoSPARQL <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/68">#68</a>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH: Ready for review. Can include in 1.1 or 1.2.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: Ok to merge.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Terms &amp; Defs vocab <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/165">#165</a>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: Do we have enough terms for the glossary yet?&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK: If we start with a core list, we can always add more later.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: I thought we had some definitions written down somewhere.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK: I can look at that list and get it into shape.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: I can find a few core Sem Web definitions to add too.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK: We can also check the normative references in Section 3&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC and FK to work on this issue.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;adding a bunch of shapes <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/173">#173</a>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;SHACL Shapes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: Issue of regex-based shapes that look into geometry literals. Current GeoSPARQL spec doesn’t really deal with content of geometry literals - just refers to those geometry serialization specs.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;MB: Current thinking is just to make sure asWKT doesn’t point to geoJSON literal, for example.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Could be expensive for large geometry literals.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC to take a closer look at the regex issue.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/177">#177</a>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;1 serialization per geometry vs. multiple serializations per geometry&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Consensus to make multiple serializations a warning instead of a violation&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;2 serializations of the same type (e.g., 2 asWKT properties pointing to different literals) should be a violation&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;MB to handle issue 177 updates.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: if we close these remaining PRs we can vote within the GeoSPARQL SWG to move it forward to the OGC.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: I can fix typos as I see them instead of creating new PRs.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; |
2119 | Other major issues? | NC | &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK: rename Spatial Measure <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/103">#103</a>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK to put in a PR so that we can evaluate proposed change.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;MB: availability of vocabulary in JSON-LD&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: OGC NA will take care of this&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;MB: what about publishing a JSON-LD context&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: Yes. This is sensible to do, and OGC NA does not do it.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;MB to create an issue for this.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK: Issue 60 missing license <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/60">#60</a>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: We will need to create a license in ORDL ourselves in the OGC namespace.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; |
2129 | Pull Request 136 | JA | PR <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/136">#136</a> Update geo.ttl: redefine ontology terms for DGGS &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK: Is it valid to cast a DGGS object to a Geometry?&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: We are using DGGS literals the same way as geometry literals.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK: proposal is to define DGGS object as a subclass of SpatialObject&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: consequence is that topological functions for example need broader input types to handle this definition of DGGS object&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: we need to explore this further.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK: we can end up with some semantic contradictions if we define DGGS object as a Geometry&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: we need to add DGGS as a separate conformance class if it’s not already. NC to put an issue in.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; |
2147 | Any other issues? | NC | None |
2148 | | | MEETING ENDS |</p>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>
<p># | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—- | —- | —- | —- |</p>
  </div>

</article>

      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <h2 class="footer-heading">GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page</h2>

    <div class="footer-col-wrapper">
      <div class="footer-col footer-col-1">
        <ul class="contact-list">
          <li>GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page</li>
          <li><a href="mailto:geosparql.swg@lists.opengeospatial.org">geosparql.swg@lists.opengeospatial.org</a></li>
        </ul>
      </div>

      <div class="footer-col footer-col-2">
        <ul class="social-media-list">
          <li>
            <a href="/blog">Meeting Notes</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>

      <div class="footer-col footer-col-3">
        <p>Rescources and development versions of the GeoSPARQL standard</p>
      </div>
    </div>

  </div>

</footer>


  </body>

</html>
