<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>

  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">

  <title>GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/07/26</title>
  <meta name="description" content="GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting MinutesMeeting DetailsMeeting Date: 26/07/2023">

  <link rel="stylesheet" href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/css/main.css">
  <link rel="canonical" href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2023-07-26-notes/">
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page" href="/ogc-geosparql/feed.xml">
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.simplecss.org/simple.min.css">
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/jquery@3.6.4/dist/jquery.min.js"></script>
</head>


  <body>

    <header style="position:fixed;width:100%" id="topNav" class="site-header">
  <nav>
  <a href="#geosparql10">GeoSPARQL 1.0</a>
  <a href="#geosparql11">GeoSPARQL 1.1</a>
  <a href="#geosparql12">GeoSPARQL 1.2</a>
  <a href="#geosparql12">GeoSPARQL Development Draft</a>
  <a href="#relatedwork">Related Work</a>
  </nav>
  
  <h3>GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/07/26</h3>
  
</header>


    <div class="page-content" style="padding-top: 200px;">
      <div class="wrapper">
        <article class="post" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/BlogPosting">

  <div class="post-content" itemprop="articleBody" markdown="1">
    <h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 26/07/2023</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2000 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>Attendee | Moniker |
—- | —- |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Linda van den Brink | LV |
Paul Cripps | PC |</p>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>
<p>Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—- | —- | —- | — |
n | JA to discuss Mainz University membership and chairpersonship with TH and Scott Simmons - Only till August  | JA | Next Meeting |
n | JA to kick off vote on chairs | JA | Next Meeting |</p>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>
<p>Time | Item | Who | Notes |
—- | —- | —- | —- |
2007 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;None known&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;Roll Call&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees recorded in minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees confirmed vocally&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; |
2007 | Run through actions | All | No progress |
2013 | Chair vote | All | &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Chairs confirmed&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Joseph Abhayaratna (Geoscape Australia)&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Timo Homburg (Mainz University of Applied Sciences)&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Matt Perry (Oracle)&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;ISO Co-publication&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Built document here: https://github.com/situx/mn-samples-ogc/actions/runs/5601836735&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Needs an abstract&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; |
2017 | Run through PRs and issues | All | &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/382">#382</a> ISO co-publication&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/427">#427</a> Support WKB literals in GeoSPARQL&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; |
2050 | Other business | All | No other business |
2052 | | | MEETING ENDS |</p>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>
<p># | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—- | —- | —- | —- |
<span name="action_1">1</span> | Jo to add an abstract to the ISO document. | JA | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_2">2</span> | Jo to confirm whether we can continue to edit the standard in the ISO co-pub template with Scott Simmons | JA | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_3">3</span> | Jo to run through ISO co-pub ticket with Scott Simmons | JA | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_4">4</span> | Jo to confirm chairs with Scott Simmons | JA | Next Meeting |</p>

  </div>

</article>

      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <h2 class="footer-heading">GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page</h2>

    <div class="footer-col-wrapper">
      <div class="footer-col footer-col-1">
        <ul class="contact-list">
          <li>GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page</li>
          <li><a href="mailto:geosparql.swg@lists.opengeospatial.org">geosparql.swg@lists.opengeospatial.org</a></li>
        </ul>
      </div>

      <div class="footer-col footer-col-2">
        <ul class="social-media-list">
          <li>
            <a href="/blog">Meeting Notes</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>

      <div class="footer-col footer-col-3">
        <p>Rescources and development versions of the GeoSPARQL standard</p>
      </div>
    </div>

  </div>

</footer>


  </body>

</html>
