<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>

  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">

  <title>GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/08/23</title>
  <meta name="description" content="GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting MinutesMeeting DetailsMeeting Date: 23/08/2023">

  <link rel="stylesheet" href="/ogc-geosparql/css/main.css">
  <link rel="canonical" href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2023-08-23-notes/">
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page" href="/ogc-geosparql/feed.xml">
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.simplecss.org/simple.min.css">
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/jquery@3.6.4/dist/jquery.min.js"></script>
</head>


  <body>

    <header style="position:fixed;width:100%" id="topNav" class="site-header">
  <nav>
  <a href="#geosparql10">GeoSPARQL 1.0</a>
  <a href="#geosparql11">GeoSPARQL 1.1</a>
  <a href="#geosparql12">GeoSPARQL 1.2</a>
  <a href="#geosparql12">GeoSPARQL Development Draft</a>
  <a href="#relatedwork">Related Work</a>
  </nav>
  
  <h3>GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/08/23</h3>
  
</header>


    <div class="page-content" style="padding-top: 200px;">
      <div class="wrapper">
        
<article class="post" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/BlogPosting">

  <div class="post-content" itemprop="articleBody" markdown="1">
    

<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 23/08/2023</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2000 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Attendee</th>
      <th>Moniker</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Matthew Perry</td>
      <td>MP</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Timo Homburg</td>
      <td>TH</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Nicholas Car</td>
      <td>NC</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
      <td>JA</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>MP</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>

<p>| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| —- | —- | —- | — |</p>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Who</th>
      <th>Notes</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>2012</td>
      <td>Intro</td>
      <td>MP</td>
      <td>Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2015</td>
      <td>Run through actions</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td>NC - Issue <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/433">#433</a> - working on fixing hyperlinks</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>ISO Publication Discussion</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>TH - Fixed ISO doc links: Jo needs to meet with Scott about pending issues</li><li>TH - Annex A4 for DGGS</li><li>NC - need to fix DGGS Annex sections in original GeoSPARQL 1.1 doc too [#436](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/436)</li><li>NC - we can close metanorma format ticket [#425](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/425)</li><li>JA - OGC allows maintaining document in metanorma format<ul><li>We should merge the 1.1 spec into the master document and then maintain it in metanorma format</li><li>OGC can pull their document out of metanorma</li><li>Once we are happy with a 1.1 metanorma document, we can give the branch to OGC team to do final modifications and change requests for ISO</li></ul></li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>Spatial Ontology</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>JA - OGC has a desire to support spatial ontology work. Scott thinks GeoSPARQL group would be the group to do the ontology work - with collaboration with GeoSemantics DWG</li><li>TH & NC - We are committed to 1.3 and doing it, but spatial ontology is a larger work that needs more discussion.</li><li>JA - Pieces of the ontology will probably emerge from 1.3 work</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>Chairs</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td>JA - Scott to make updates for new chairs</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>Meeting notes</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td>JA will push the meeting notes to GIT as markdown doc</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>EWKB</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>MP - is it an issue if EWKB is not defined in another OGC spec</li><li>NC - we may have to do a brief definition of it similar to what we did with DGGS Literal</li><li>JA - it may be a problem - we could ask them to support it as a community standard</li><li>TH - we also encourage the use of SRID URI instead of encoded SRID in binary</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>Qualified Geometries</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/418">#418</a> - discussed how this interacts with qualified features. Specific example being proposed buildings and their different geometries and the need to use a different style for fuzzy geometries in EU/Germany. Discussion with NC required&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Issues for consideration: Confirming scope, Spatial Ontology&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2121</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td> </td>
      <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>

<p>| # | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| —- | —- | —- | —- |</p>
  </div>

</article>
<a href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2023-09-06-notes/">Previous</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2023-08-09-notes/">Next</a>
      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <h2 class="footer-heading">GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page</h2>

    <div class="footer-col-wrapper">
      <div class="footer-col footer-col-1">
        <ul class="contact-list">
          <li>GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page</li>
          <li><a href="mailto:geosparql.swg@lists.opengeospatial.org">geosparql.swg@lists.opengeospatial.org</a></li>
        </ul>
      </div>

      <div class="footer-col footer-col-2">
        <ul class="social-media-list">
          <li>
            <a href="https://opengeospatial.github.io/ogc-geosparql/blog/">Meeting Notes</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>

      <div class="footer-col footer-col-3">
        <p>Rescources and development versions of the GeoSPARQL standard</p>
      </div>
    </div>

  </div>

</footer>


  </body>

</html>
