---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2021/08/11
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 11/08/2021

**Meeting Time:** 2030 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees

| Attendee | Moniker |
| ---- | ---- |
| Timo Homburg | TH |
| Matt Perry | MP |
| Frans Knibbe | FK |
| Nicholas Car | NC |
| Mathias Bonduel | MB |


## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings

| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | --- |

## Discussion Items

| Time | Item | Who | Notes |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 2036 | Intro | JA | {::nomarkdown}Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul>{:/} |
| 2044 | Run through of Pull Requests | JA | <ul><li>NC<ul><li>dcterms:isPartOf flipped to rdfs:member [#188](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/188)<br/>Small PR to change dcterms:isPartOf to rdfs:member</li><li>AusPIX removed from normative standing [#190](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/190)</li><li>SpatialMeasure props to use SpatialObject not Feature for domain [#184](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/184) <ul><li>Domain of SpatialMeasure properties to be SpatialObject</li></ul></li><li>Internal IRIs [#186](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/186)<ul><li>Convert IRIs in the spec to point to relevant sections of the spec document rather than the ontology</li><li>The first hyperlink for the IRI (in the definition) still points to the ontology</li><li>TH: Ok with link to the document, but we should keep the namespace reference in the link text for the IRI link</li><li>NC: Flow of the text is better without the namespace</li><li>NC: Will add back namespace for requirement text and leave namespace off of other references in text.</li><li>NC: Will put PR back into draft until done making some changes.</li></ul></li><li>Relation of CQL to GeoSPARQL [#68](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/68)<ul><li>TH: Ready for review. Can include in 1.1 or 1.2.</li><li>NC: Ok to merge.</li></ul><li>Terms & Defs vocab [#165](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/165)<ul><li>NC: Do we have enough terms for the glossary yet?</li><li>FK: If we start with a core list, we can always add more later.</li><li>NC: I thought we had some definitions written down somewhere.</li><li>FK: I can look at that list and get it into shape.</li><li>NC: I can find a few core Sem Web definitions to add too.</li><li>FK: We can also check the normative references in Section 3</li><li>NC and FK to work on this issue.</li></ul></li><li>adding a bunch of shapes [#173](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/173)<ul><li>SHACL Shapes</li><li>NC: Issue of regex-based shapes that look into geometry literals. Current GeoSPARQL spec doesn’t really deal with content of geometry literals - just refers to those geometry serialization specs.</li><li>MB: Current thinking is just to make sure asWKT doesn’t point to geoJSON literal, for example.</li><li>Could be expensive for large geometry literals.</li><li>NC to take a closer look at the regex issue.</li></ul></li><li>[#177](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/177)<ul><li>1 serialization per geometry vs. multiple serializations per geometry</li><li>Consensus to make multiple serializations a warning instead of a violation</li><li>2 serializations of the same type (e.g., 2 asWKT properties pointing to different literals) should be a violation</li><li>MB to handle issue 177 updates.</li></ul></li></ul><li>NC: if we close these remaining PRs we can vote within the GeoSPARQL SWG to move it forward to the OGC.</li><li>NC: I can fix typos as I see them instead of creating new PRs.</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul> |
| 2119 | Other major issues? | NC | <ul><li>FK: rename Spatial Measure [#103](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/103)<ul><li>FK to put in a PR so that we can evaluate proposed change.</li></ul></li><li>MB: availability of vocabulary in JSON-LD<ul><li>NC: OGC NA will take care of this</li></ul></li><li>MB: what about publishing a JSON-LD context<ul><li>NC: Yes. This is sensible to do, and OGC NA does not do it.</li><li>MB to create an issue for this.</li></ul></li><li>FK: Issue 60 missing license [#60](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/60)<ul><li>NC: We will need to create a license in ORDL ourselves in the OGC namespace.</li></ul></li></ul> |
| 2129 | Pull Request 136 | JA | PR [#136](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/136) Update geo.ttl: redefine ontology terms for DGGS <ul><li>FK: Is it valid to cast a DGGS object to a Geometry?</li><li>NC: We are using DGGS literals the same way as geometry literals.</li><li>FK: proposal is to define DGGS object as a subclass of SpatialObject</li><li>NC: consequence is that topological functions for example need broader input types to handle this definition of DGGS object</li><li>NC: we need to explore this further.</li><li>FK: we can end up with some semantic contradictions if we define DGGS object as a Geometry</li><li>NC: we need to add DGGS as a separate conformance class if it’s not already. NC to put an issue in.</li></ul> |
| 2147 | Any other issues? | NC | None |
| 2148 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items

| \# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
