---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2021/04/07
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 07/04/2021

**Meeting Time:** 2030 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Frans Knibbe | FK |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Peter Vretanos | PV |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |

## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
2030 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<br>- None known<br/><br/>Roll Call<br/>- Attendees recorded in minutes<br/>- Attendees confirmed vocally |
2050 | New Issues | JA | Issue: Make underlying definitions available on the semantic web [#10](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/10)<br/>(**Action 1**)<br/>Issue: Missing license [#60](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/60)<br/>(** Action 2**)<br/>Issue: Increase SWG exposure: update GeoSPARQL landing page [#39](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/39)<br/>(**Action 3**)<br/>Issue: What is hasSpatialResolution range [#98](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/98)<br/>(**Action 4**)<br/>- Linked to [#122](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/122)<br/>Issue: Things that need references [#81](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/81)<br/>- Link to [#10](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/10) and move to Done<br/>Issue: Include all functions already described in Simple Features for SQL [#11](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/11)<br/>(**Action 5**)<br/>- Group will plan around when to do each, and if necessary create corresponding tickets for scheduling<br/>Issue: Additional GeoSPARQL requirements from Loc-I project [#33](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/33)<br/>- Assigned to NC<br>(**Action 6**)<br/>- Once done, this issue can be closed.<br/>Closed completed issues |
1645 | Meeting time | JA | Agreed to shift the meeting time back an hour to EDT 16:30-18:00 |
<br/>| Next Steps | All | - T1 Review of expected 1.1 updates from the SWG Charter<br/>- T1 Initial Translations<br/>- T2 A SHACL validator for 1.1 RDF<br/>- T2 Requests for new namespaces to the Naming Authority<br/>- T3 Notification of 1.1 for testing to be sent to implementers<br/>- T3 Start OAB review process<br/>- T4 Start Public Comment period<br/>- T5 Respond to controversial feedback<br/>- T6 Respond to non-controversial feedback<br/>- T6 Start the TC vote  |
2153 | | | MEETING ENDS |


## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1 | Create a task list of outstanding terms that need definitions, and the group will work together to address the task list | FK | Next Meeting |
2 | Working with University of Polytechnic (Madrid) and the Open Data Institute, who have create a resource for publishing semantically available licenses | NC | Next Meeting |
3 | Publish links to the Github repository in both GeoSPARQL standard landing page and the GeoSPARQL SWG landing page | JA | Next Meeting |
4 | Will add some examples for spatial resolution range to Annex B, and use to drive feedback | SC | Next Meeting |
5 | Making a list of functions from Simple Features spec | PV | Next Meeting |
6 | Work outlined in the requirements from loc-I project ticket is done, but there is outstanding work added during the commentary of the ticket that needs to be captured in a new issue | NC | Next Meeting |

