---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2021/09/22
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 22/09/2021

**Meeting Time:** 2030 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Frans Knibbe | FK |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Paul Cripps | PC |
Robert Gibb | RG |


## Note Takers
- JA, MP

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |


## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
2038 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
2044 | Actions for chairs | JA | <ul><li>PC [#196](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/196). <ul><li>Identify the artefacts, their OGC document type, and whether they support the standard or are highly peripheral.</li><li>Propose using a new monorepo for managing all artefacts, add links on the GeoSPARQL SWG home page, the currently standard gh-pages home page, and the GeoSPARQL Wikipedia page.</li><li>Update this ticket.</li></ul> |
2104 | Run through of Pull Requests | NC | [#136](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/136) Update geo.ttl: redefine ontology terms for DGGS <ul><li>RG has responded to the comments in [#112](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/112)</li><li>NC: respond in [#112](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/112) as well</li><li>FK: reflect response in #136 and close if happy.</li></ul> |
2128 | What's left | JA, NC | <ul><li>Backlog groomed</li><li>Discussion of editorial issues where no issues/PRs have been created. Conclusion: Backlog is correct, so if there are problems not in the backlog, we need to create issues and PRs to resolve them in the 1.1 project. <br/>Guidance: Create the issue. If itâ€™s a simple editorial fix, create a linked PR that addresses it, and add it to the Project as In Progress. If it requires discussion, assign the issue to JA to add to the Project and schedule for discussion at next SWG meeting.</li></ul> |
2205 | Any other business? | JA |  |
2205 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
