---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2021/07/28
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 28/07/2021

**Meeting Time:** 2030 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---
- | ---- |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Matt Perry | MP |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Frans Knibbe | FK |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Paul Cripps | PC |
Mathias Bonduel | MB |


## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---
- | ---- | ---- | --- |
N | NC to put in a PR to update to ToC (as Ingo) | NC | Next Meeting |
N | Create a pull request to remove the inSRS property | TH | Next Meeting |

## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---
- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
2043 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
2044 | Run through of Pull Requests | JA | <ul><li>NC<ul><li>adding a bunch of shapes [#173](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/173)</li><li>Key questions:<ul><li>How should we manage shapes that are not part of the standard i.e., look at the spatial data rather than just the structure.</li></ul></li><li>Resolutions<ul><li>We will create a folder for useful scripts, to enable people to continue working on things that are not part of the specification. This work can be maintained by a community group.</li></ul></li><li>To Do:<ul><li>MB to complete his additions</li><li>JA to raise the community group at Geosemantics DWG.</li><li>NC to change the domain of scalars to SpatialObject from Feature.</li><li>TH to create issue for discussion on Shape 1. Done: [#177](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/177)</li></ul><li>DISCUSSION:<ul><li>Shape 1: Conflict relating to whether there should be only one serialization for a geometry. FK: looks like it goes beyond the scope of the ontology.</li><li>Should hasLength, hasArea, etc., have constraints on cardinality e.g., A Feature can have only one area? No. But we would like to shift the Domain of them to SpatialObject to enable Geometry’s to have hasLength, etc.,</li></ul></li><li>TH<ul><li>Modeled conformance classes [#176](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/176)</li><li>To do: NC and FK to review the PR</li></ul><li>FK <ul><li>Update geo.ttl: redefine ontology terms for DGGS [#136](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/136)</li><li>To do: NC to take a look and comment on this PR, re currency and relevance.</li></ul></li></ul>|
2154 | GeoSPARQL Compliance Benchmark | TH | <ul><li>Link: https://www.mdpi.com/2220-9964/10/7/487</li><li>Wikipedia article for GeoSPARQL was a bit outdated. TH has made some updates, but we should all take a look.</li></ul>
2156 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---
- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
