---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2021/06/02
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 02/06/2021

**Meeting Time:** 2030 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Paul Cripps | PC |
Simon Cox | SC |
Matt Perry | MP |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Robert Gibb | RG |
Peter Vretanos | PV |
Dalia Varanka | DV |


## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |
N | NC to put in a PR to update to ToC (as Ingo) | NC | Next Meeting |
N | Create a pull request to remove the inSRS property | TH | Next Meeting |

## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
2035 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
2036 | Run through of Pull Requests | JA | <ul><li>NC expects to put in two more PRs:<ul><li>Propose new way of handing DGGS SRSes by using literal types</li><li>Examples and heading link updates</li></ul></li><li>TH<ul><li>Still to complete [#145](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/145) then NC and MP to review</li></ul></li><li> NC or FK to review [#68](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/68)</li><li>NC to review [#136](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/136)</li></ul></li></ul> |
2044 | Run through Issues | All | Removed Define precedence order of inCRS v. Literal CRS [#82](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/82) from GeoSPARQL 1.1 Project (because inCRS was removed from GeoSPARQL 1.1) |
2102 | Contact implementers | JA | For NC, once existing PRs relating to examples are approved, implementers will be contacted for feedback on the draft to date. |
2104 | Time table | JA | Created Run through OGC approval process [#149](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/149) to document progress through the OGC approvals process, giving us something to update in terms of timeframes. New issue: Base IRI declaration [#147](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/147) added. Discussion: small change, worth doing. Outcome: Added to GeoSPARQL 1.1, assigned PC. |
2108 | geo:FeatureCollection | SC | Created Add geo:FeatureCollection [#148](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/148) to improve interoperability with OGC APIs. Discussion: not perceived to be a large change to make, better to get it done early. Outcome: Added to GeoSPARQL 1.1, assigned to SC. |
2126 | Announcements | JA | Papers to be presented at GeoLD Workshop on June 7 (European Time). NC/TH [Paper](https://github.com/surroundaustralia/geosparql11-geold-paper) accepted by [GeoLD Workshop](https://dice-group.github.io/GeoLD2021/) in the European Semantic Web Conference. FK [position paper](https://easychair.org/conferences/submission_download?track=270402;submission=5351153;a=26052672;upload=112378) also accepted by the workshop. NC Paper also accepted by the workshop. Talks about GeoSPARQL 1.1 proposed standard in use. |
2130 | Next meeting | JA | Owing to timing of the OGC TC, the Geosemantics DWG has been booked at the same time as the GeoSPARQL SWG meeting. SWG members will be talking about progress to date on GeoSPARQL 1.1. We will briefly catch up to cover off:<ul><li>The steps and schedule described in  Run through [OGC approval process](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/149)</li><li>Outstanding PRs</li></ul>Encourage people to reach out to JA in case you need meetings, etc., arranged to help pair on any PRs/issues that are still in the Backlog, To Do or In Progress in case your progress is being blocked and can be resolved that way. |
2132 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
