---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2021/06/30
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 30/06/2021

**Meeting Time:** 2030 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees

| Attendee | Moniker |
| ---- | ---- |
| Timo Homburg | TH |
| Matthew Perry | MP |
| Frans Knibbe | FK |
| Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
| Paul Cripps | PC |
| Simon Cox | SC |
| Nicholas Car | NC |
| Robert Gibb | RG |
| Peter Vretanos | PV |


## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings

| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | --- |


## Discussion Items

| Time | Item | Who | Notes |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 2035 | Intro | JA | {::nomarkdown}Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul>{:/} |
| 2036 | Run through of Pull Requests | JA | <ul><li>PC [#171](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/171). Still more work to do.<br/>Marked as draft.<br/></li><li>TH [#168](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/168) additionally reviewed by SC during meeting and approved. Merged. </li><li>FK [#155](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/155) has been submitted. There are a couple of changes requested. Should be ready for second review shortly. </li><li>FK [#136](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/136) awaiting review by NC. FK giving it a quick review for currency.</li><li>NC<ul><li>[#152](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/152).</li><li>JA granted repository write access to MB to enable that.</li><li>PR awaiting for some things to be added by MB.</li><li>NC to summarise the differing viewpoints on relationship between hasGeometry and hasSerialization e.g., should there be a restriction of one serialization per geometry.</li><li>Group to review, and in particular review and agree on a view on hasGeometry and hasSerialization as described above.</li><li>Time boxed to July 14.</li><li>[#68](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/68) Needs an update for currency. Marked as draft for now.</li><li>[#165](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/165)</li></ul> |
| 2100 | Run through Issues | All | [#98](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/98) has an example in the document, and meets the requirements of a discovery. Issue closed.<br/>Create an issue that outlines first suggestions for modularity [(**Action 1**)](#action_1) |
| 2115 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items

| \# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| <span name="action_1">1</span> | Create an issue that outlines first suggestions for modularity | FK | Next Meeting |
