---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2021/05/19
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 19/05/2021

**Meeting Time:** 2030 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
| Attendee | Moniker |
| ---- | ---- |
| Timo Homburg | TH |
| Nicholas Car | NC |
| Paul Cripps | PC |
| Peter Vretano | PV |

## Note Takers
- NC

## Action Items From Last Meetings
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | --- |


## Discussion Items
| Time | Item | Who | Notes |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 2038 | Intro | NC | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
| 2039 | Run through of Pull Requests | NC | <ul><li>NC expects to put in two more PRs: <ul><li>Propose new way of handing DGGS SRSes by using literal types</li><li> Examples and heading link updates</li></ul></li><li> TH<ul><li>Some example are missing</li><li>Follow-up on Annex C</li><li>not all property & function pairs exist</li><li>Aligning functions & properties</li></ul></li><li>TH & NC: discussion of vendor implementations</li></ul> |
| 2054 | Reduced Level of Headings | NC | NC proposes to reduced level of headings for Annexes in the ToC - PV agrees [(**Action 1**)](#action_1)|
| 2056 | Run through Issues | NC | <ul><li>NC: Issue 142 appears out of scope for 1.1, TH agrees</li><li> TH Issues #98 is still open and needs discussion<ul><li>Long discussion about a Measure class as a more generic version of SpatialMeasure</li><li>NC: to make a PR for Measure class + examples of use e.g. hasSpatialResolution</li></ul> |
| 2118 | Other point | NC | <ul><li>Vendor notification</li><li>SRS property still needs to be removed [(**Action 2**)](#action_2)</li></ul> |
| 2123 | Time table | NC | NC: A review of our expected timetable for standard release indicates we need to make a SHACL validator: to be done when 1.1 ontology stable |
| 2125 | Testbed 17 | NC | Discussion about TB17 and Model Driven Standards<ul><li>NC hopes to present an unofficial version of GeoSPARQL 1.1 to the group made by model generation tools which may indicate how GeoSPARQL 1.2 or 2.0 is made.</li></ul> |
| 2133 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
| \# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| <span name="action_1">1</span> | NC to put in a PR to update to ToC (as Ingo) | NC | Next Meeting |
| <span name="action_2">2</span> | Create a pull request to remove the inSRS property | TH | Next Meeting |
