---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2021/12/01
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 01/12/2021

**Meeting Time:** 2030 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees

| Attendee | Moniker |
| ---- | ---- |
| Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
| Timo Homburg | TH |
| Matthew Perry | MP |
| Linda van den Brink | LV |

## Note Takers
- MP

## Action Items From Last Meetings

| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | --- |


## Discussion Items

| Time | Item | Who | Notes |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 2045 | Intro | JA | {::nomarkdown}Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul>{:/} |
| 2047 | The Approval Process | JA | {::nomarkdown}<ul><li>Ensure that links to the current versions of the documents are up to date. ACTION: TH (done)</li><li>[(**Action 1**)](#action_1)</li><li>[(**Action 2**)](#action_2)</li></ul>{:/} |
| 2050 | Run through Pull Requests and Issues | All | - |
| 2139 | Other business | All | - |
| 2158 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items

| \# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| <span name="action_1">1</span> | JA to send an email to the mailing list to inform them that work on this release is drawing to a close, attach the paper, and ask that people review the documents in advance of the next meeting. | JA | Next Meeting |
| <span name="action_2">2</span> | JA to ask OGC if there’s a standard way to show change notes. If not, we’ll put a dot point form Release Note alongside the standard that refers to the paper. | JA | Next Meeting |
