---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2022/08/24
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 24/08/2022

**Meeting Time:** 2000 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
| Attendee | Moniker |
| ---- | ---- |
| Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
| Matthew Perry | MP |
| Nicholas Car | NC |
| Linda van den Brink | LV |
| Timo Homburg | TH |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | --- |


## Discussion Items
| Time | Item | Who | Notes |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 2005 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
| 2009 | Pull Requests and Issues | All | Run through of PRs and Issues in Project. All comments and updates made in PRs and Issues. |
| 2025 | GeoSPARQL 1.2/2.0 Scope | All | High level candidates for GeoSPARQL 1.2, or 2.0 if we feel we should skip 1.2 altogether. <ul><li>(Candidate 1) - 1.2: ISO Co-publication [#382](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/382)</li><li>(Candidate 2) - 1.2: Improve 3D support</li><li>(Candidate 3) - 1.2: Raster support</li><li>(Candidate 4) - 1.2: More updates, including:<ul><li>Parametrized geometries [#8](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/8)</li><li>Ensuring that all functions in Simple Features are brought into GeoSPARQL</li><li>Better expression of Geometry components (e.g., CRS, etc., see [#42](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/42))</li><li>Geometry roles [#241](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/241)</li><li>Handling of styles for web map</li></ul></li><li>Recommendations: Improve 3D Support</li></ul> |
| 2120 | | All | Slot for Geosemantics DWG meeting update |
| 2125 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
| \# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
