---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2022/08/10
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 10/08/2022

**Meeting Time:** 2000 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
| Attendee | Moniker |
| ---- | ---- |
| Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
| Matthew Perry | MP |
| Nicholas Car | NC |
| Linda van den Brink | LV |
| Timo Homburg | TH |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | --- |


## Discussion Items
| Time | Item | Who | Notes |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 2007 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
| 2009 | Pull Requests and Issues | All | Run through of PRs and Issues in Project. All comments and updates made in PRs and Issues. |
| 2115 | Requirements and OGC Compliance Testing | TH | <ul><li>What are we doing about gathering requirements for 1.2/2.0. Suggestion: email the mailing list to tell them we’re proposing scope for the next iteration. We’d ask them to update issues they’re passionate about with comments (e.g., +1).</li><li>CITE Testing - What do we need to do to enable compliance testing and certification, and are OGC going to recognise/certify compliant systems. <br/>https://github.com/OpenLinkSoftware/GeoSPARQLBenchmark<br/>https://www.mdpi.com/2220-9964/10/7/487<br/>https://hobbit-project.github.io</li></ul> |
| 2125 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
| \# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
