---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2022/02/23
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 23/02/2022

**Meeting Time:** 2030 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
| Attendee | Moniker |
| ---- | ---- |
| Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
| Timo Homburg | TH |
| Matthew Perry | MP |
| Frans Knibbe | FK |
| Nicholas Car | NC |

## Note Takers
- JA, MP

## Action Items From Last Meetings
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | --- |


## Discussion Items
| Time | Item | Who | Notes |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 2035 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
| 2037 | Any business before going through PRs | All | <ul><li>NC: We should mark remaining issues that need to be fixed before publishing 1.1</li><li>JA: How is the progress on the CRS Ontology paper<ul><li>TH: current paper is here https://github.com/opengeospatial/ontology-crs/pull/1</li><li>FK: Presentation is here https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/15Qh2k79wFoDCDWLuGt9CHbWuxecjfSi17QMp4zrbyWI/edit?usp=sharing</li><li>Presentation on March 2</li><li>FK and TH to present, JA to add some high level points</li></ul> |
| 2048 | Running through PRs | All | <ul><li>[#288](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/288)<ul><li>NC & TH: Awaiting comment from FK because it’s his issue</li><li>NC: I want to avoid repeating what is in the related standards</li><li>FK to review</li></ul></li><li>[#287](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/287)<ul><li>TH: We need to update a table in one of the annexes (D3)</li><li>NC to review</li></ul></li></ul> |
<br/> | Running through issues | All | <ul><li>[#199](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/199) FK: In progress, still waiting for Gobe</li><li>[#112](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/112) NC: Will review shortly</li><li>[#269](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/269)<ul><li>FK: to be addressed with a new paragraph</li><li>Related to issue [#278](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/278)</li><li>Also [#285](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/285)</li></ul></li><li>[#225](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/255)<ul><li>In progress by FK and LVB</li><li>FK: end product will be 5 different .ttl files</li><li>FK: will create a separate issue for missing en tags</li></ul></li><li>[#22](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/22)<ul><li>NC: can we close this one</li><li>FK: it was MB’s issue</li><li>NC: I believe the decision was that it is a group attribution</li><li>NC: we should be able to close this pending a check with MB</li></ul></li><li>[#110](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/110)<ul><li>TH: we have already added a transformation function for SRS transformation in 1.1</li><li>NC: moving to in-progress</li></ul></li><li>[#285](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/285) NC & MP: ok to remove ISO 19107 reference</li><li>[#115](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/115) NC & TH: this issue is already done</li><li>[#100](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/100)<ul><li>NC: Just keep updating the list</li><li>FK: one list or two lists?</li><li>NC: we should have 2 lists: original plus 1.1 list</li><li>NC: waiting for input from SS</li></ul></li><li>[#177](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/177) FK: PR 287 will close it</li><li>[#256](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/256)<ul><li>NC: I will get to it</li><li>NC: TH and NC are doing some related testing</li></ul></li><li>[#144](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/144)<ul><li>NC: A recent comment addresses some of this</li><li>Potentially addressed by PR 288</li></ul></li><li>[#163](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/163) NC: probably ready to work on this now</li><li>[#261](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/261)<ul><li>Missing a few functions that we need to add: concaveHull, boundingCircle, convexHull</li><li>FK: Some inconsistent naming between functions, properties and aggregates</li><li>NC: Need aliases for bounding box and envelope</li><li>NC to make the changes</li></ul></li><li>[#270](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/270) NC to take a look</li><li>[#272](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/272) FK to do it</li><li>[#277](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/277) <ul><li>FK: in progress</li><li>NC: does the vocabulary need more notes or just spec - FK: spec should be enough</li></ul></li><li>[#286](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/286) FK to do</li><li>[#238](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/238) NC waiting on Simple Features explanation from FK</li></ul></li></ul> |
| 2154 | Other business | All | <ul><li>NC: we need to make some progress on moving the 1.1 spec along</li><li>NC: we need a 1.2 version for ISO this calendar year</li><li>NC: let’s ask the chairs what is next in the process</li><li>FK: it would be good to tackle the DGGS issues first</li></ul> |
| 2200 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
| \# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
