---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2022/05/18
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 18/05/2022

**Meeting Time:** 2000 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Frans Knibbe | FK |
Linda van den Brink | LV |
Nicholas Car | NC |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |


## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
2005 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
2008 | Pull Requests and Issues | All | Run through of PRs and Issues in Project. All comments and updates made in PRs and Issues. |
2129 | Other business | All | Need to get cracking with the CRS Ontology slide deck and asking for a slot at the next meeting |
2131 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
