---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2022/04/20
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 20/04/2022

**Meeting Time:** 2000 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees

| Attendee | Moniker |
| ---- | ---- |
| Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
| Timo Homburg | TH |
| Matthew Perry | MP |
| Frans Knibbe | FK |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings

| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | --- |


## Discussion Items

| Time | Item | Who | Notes |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 2006 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
| 2008 | Run through PRs and Issues | All | Run through of PRs and Issues in Project. All comments and updates made in PRs and Issues. |
| 2053 | Other business | All | <ul><li>CRS Ontology: Slides updated by TH. Needs review from JA and FK. JA to nudge Martin Desruisseaux</li><li>Outstanding vote on [#112](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/112). Voting concludes April 21, with all current voting members having voted.</li><li>Meeting notes need to be spun down into Github. JA to complete over the weekend.</li></ul> |
| 2057 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items

| \# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
