---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/06/14
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 14/06/2023

**Meeting Time:** 2000 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees

| Attendee | Moniker |
| ---- | ---- |
| Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
| Matthew Perry | MP |
| Timo Homburg | TH |
| Nicholas Car | NC |


## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings

| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | --- |


## Discussion Items

| Time | Item | Who | Notes |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 2007 | Intro | JA | {::nomarkdown}Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul>{:/} |
| 2007 | Run through actions | All | Results: [(**Action 1**)](#action_1) [(**Action 2**)](#action_2) |
| 2013 | Rung through doings | All | {::nomarkdown}<ul><li>URIs<ul><li>URI have been requested</li><li>Looking to build a knowledge graph from the artifacts and ensure that all patterns in use have been requested.</li></ul></li><li>Chairs<ul><li>Will be conducted via email, notification, nomination, and votes</li><li>Interested people: TH, MP, JA</li></ul></li><li>ISO Metanorma in CI: We will be setting up the OGC flavor of the ISO template and doing our work there</li></ul>{:/} |
| 2017 | Run through PRs and issues | All | <ul><li>[#407](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/407)</li><li>[#416](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/416)</li></ul> |
| 2052 | Discussion: Qualified geometries | NC | Discussion required for Qualified Geometries. NC to create an issue to support discussion. Created standard project for 1.3.  |
| 2112 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items

| \# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| <span name="action_1">1</span> | Jo to add meeting notes to Github as markdown documents - starting with this one, and going forward | JA | Next Meeting |
