---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/08/23
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 23/08/2023

**Meeting Time:** 2000 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---
- | ---- |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |

## Note Takers
- MP

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---
- | ---- | ---- | --- |

## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---
- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
2012 | Intro | MP | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
2015 | Run through actions | All | NC - Issue [#433](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/433) - working on fixing hyperlinks |
<br/> | ISO Publication Discussion | All | <ul><li>TH - Fixed ISO doc links: Jo needs to meet with Scott about pending issues</li><li>TH - Annex A4 for DGGS</li><li>NC - need to fix DGGS Annex sections in original GeoSPARQL 1.1 doc too [#436](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/436)</li><li>NC - we can close metanorma format ticket [#425](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/425)</li><li>JA - OGC allows maintaining document in metanorma format<ul><li>We should merge the 1.1 spec into the master document and then maintain it in metanorma format</li><li>OGC can pull their document out of metanorma</li><li>Once we are happy with a 1.1 metanorma document, we can give the branch to OGC team to do final modifications and change requests for ISO</li></ul></li></ul> |
<br/> | Spatial Ontology | All | <ul><li>JA - OGC has a desire to support spatial ontology work. Scott thinks GeoSPARQL group would be the group to do the ontology work - with collaboration with GeoSemantics DWG</li><li>TH & NC - We are committed to 1.3 and doing it, but spatial ontology is a larger work that needs more discussion.</li><li>JA - Pieces of the ontology will probably emerge from 1.3 work</li></ul> |
<br/> | Chairs | All | JA - Scott to make updates for new chairs |
<br/> | Meeting notes | All | JA will push the meeting notes to GIT as markdown doc |
<br/> | EWKB | All | <ul><li>MP - is it an issue if EWKB is not defined in another OGC spec</li><li>NC - we may have to do a brief definition of it similar to what we did with DGGS Literal</li><li>JA - it may be a problem - we could ask them to support it as a community standard</li><li>TH - we also encourage the use of SRID URI instead of encoded SRID in binary</li></ul> |
<br/> | Qualified Geometries | All | <ul><li>[#418](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/418) - discussed how this interacts with qualified features. Specific example being proposed buildings and their different geometries and the need to use a different style for fuzzy geometries in EU/Germany. Discussion with NC required</li><li>Issues for consideration: Confirming scope, Spatial Ontology</li></ul> |
2121 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---
- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
