---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/11/01
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 01/11/2023

**Meeting Time:** 2000 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |
y | Chat to Scott about membership | TH | Next Meeting |
y | Reach out to 3DIM DWG Chairs to see if we can get some of their members to join our next meeting or arrange a special joint meeting. [#443](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/443), [#429](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/429) | JA | Next Meeting |
y | Run a link checker over the ogc geosparql repository | NC | Next Meeting |
in progress | Run a link checker over the metanorma repository | TH | Next Meeting |
? | Question for OGC: If we were to define an extension or outputs other than just GeoSPARQL, where would we put it? | NC | Next Meeting |
y | Write up options in [#444](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/444) and expose to PC’s geohash interest group | TH/PC | Next Meeting |

## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
2007 | Intro | JA | Quorum not reached |
2007 | Run through actions | All | |
<br/> | Run through issues | All | [#447](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/447) Bug in geof:area function |
<br/> | Coordination | All | <ul><li>Timo attended the IIIF 3D working group where they’re talking about rendering 3D in the web browser. At the moment the only overlap is the speech bubble, where WKT is being used to define the speech bubble. https://github.com/IIIF/3d</li><li>Potential for presentation at the Geo-LD conference, if it occurs. https://i3mainz.github.io/GeoLD2022/</li></ul> |
2043 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
<span name="action_1">1</span> | Making corrections based on the link checker to the metanorma document. | TH | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_2">2</span> | Check in with Scott and see where GeoSPARQL is in the publication process, and how a bug relating to Area (returns an RDF resource bu​​t should be an xsd:double). We’re also making corrections based on the link checker. Which version of the document will be published? (In Progress) | JA | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_3">3</span> | Question for OGC: If we were to define an extension or outputs other than just GeoSPARQL, where would we put it? | NC | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_4">4</span> | Run a link checker over the ogc geosparql repository | NC | Next Meeting |
