---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/10/18
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 18/10/2023

**Meeting Time:** 2000 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees

| Attendee | Moniker |
| ---- | ---- |
| Matthew Perry | MP |
| Timo Homburg | TH |
| Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
| Nicholas Car | NC |
| Paul Cripps | PC |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings

| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | --- |
| n | Chat to Scott about membership | TH | Next Meeting |
| y | Nudge OGC staff to reflect new Chairs | JA | Next Meeting |
| y | Report to OGC that the URL rewriter is adding an extra def as per the note. | JA | Next Meeting |
| y | Check with Scott, what does the OGC recommend we do with different translations? Does the name server support different languages? | JA | Next Meeting |
| y |Bring Scott’s attention to [#429](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/429). Looks like it would be good to get Scott and OGC’s 3D brains trust to join the next meeting to discuss what they’d like to see in the Linked Data representation of OGC 3D “stuff”. | JA | Next Meeting |

## Discussion Items

| Time | Item | Who | Notes |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 2007 | Intro | JA | {::nomarkdown}Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> {:/} |
| 2007 | Run through actions | All | |
<br/> | Run through pull requests | All | [#443](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/443) Draft for inclusion of surface textures and materials<ul><li>Looks like a good candidate for modular extension</li><li>Question for OGC: If we were to define an extension, where would we put it?</li></ul> |
<br/> | Run through issues | All | [#444](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/444) Geocoding Support in GeoSPARQL |
| 2102 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items

| \# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| <span name="action_1">1</span> | Chat to Scott about membership | TH | Next Meeting |
| <span name="action_2">2</span> |  Reach out to 3DIM DWG Chairs to see if we can get some of their members to join our next meeting or arrange a special joint meeting. [#443](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/443), [#429](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/429) | JA | Next Meeting |
| <span name="action_3">3</span> | Run a link checker over the ogc geosparql repository | NC | Next Meeting |
| <span name="action_4">4</span> | Run a link checker over the metanorma repository | TH | Next Meeting |
| <span name="action_5">5</span> | Question for OGC: If we were to define an extension or outputs other than just GeoSPARQL, where would we put it? | NC | Next Meeting |
| <span name="action_6">6</span> | Write up options in [#444](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/444) and expose to PC’s geohash interest group | TH/PC | Next Meeting |
