---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/07/26
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 26/07/2023

**Meeting Time:** 2000 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees

| Attendee | Moniker |
| ---- | ---- |
| Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
| Matthew Perry | MP |
| Timo Homburg | TH |
| Linda van den Brink | LV |
| Paul Cripps | PC |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings

| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | --- |
| n | JA to discuss Mainz University membership and chairpersonship with TH and Scott Simmons - Only till August  | JA | Next Meeting |
| n | JA to kick off vote on chairs | JA | Next Meeting |

## Discussion Items

| Time | Item | Who | Notes |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 2007 | Intro | JA | {::nomarkdown}Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul>{:/} |
| 2007 | Run through actions | All | No progress |
| 2013 | Chair vote | All | {::nomarkdown}<ul><li>Chairs confirmed<ul><li>Joseph Abhayaratna (Geoscape Australia)</li><li>Timo Homburg (Mainz University of Applied Sciences)</li><li>Matt Perry (Oracle)</li></ul></li><li>ISO Co-publication<ul><li>Built document here: https://github.com/situx/mn-samples-ogc/actions/runs/5601836735</li><li>Needs an abstract</li></ul></li></ul>{:/} |
| 2017 | Run through PRs and issues | All | <ul><li>[#382](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/382) ISO co-publication</li><li>[#427](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/427) Support WKB literals in GeoSPARQL</li></ul> |
| 2050 | Other business | All | No other business |
| 2052 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items

| \# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| <span name="action_1">1</span> | Jo to add an abstract to the ISO document. | JA | Next Meeting |
| <span name="action_2">2</span> | Jo to confirm whether we can continue to edit the standard in the ISO co-pub template with Scott Simmons | JA | Next Meeting |
| <span name="action_3">3</span> | Jo to run through ISO co-pub ticket with Scott Simmons | JA | Next Meeting |
| <span name="action_4">4</span> | Jo to confirm chairs with Scott Simmons | JA | Next Meeting |
