---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/12/13
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 13/12/2023

**Meeting Time:** 2000 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
| Attendee | Moniker |
| ---- | ---- |
| Matthew Perry | MP |
| Timo Homburg | TH |
| Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
| Nicholas Car | NC |
| Paul Cripps | PC |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | --- |

## Discussion Items
| Time | Item | Who | Notes |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 2006 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
| 2007 | Run through actions | All | <ul><li>TH: Working through GeoSPARQL 1.1 Function URIs do not resolve in vocprez 路 Issue #264 路 opengeospatial/NamingAuthority (github.com). Looking to use a parameter register to register parameters rather than the functions register. This is using https://fno.io.</li><li>JA: Contacted Thomas Kolbe and David Graham to ask how best to get feedback from them to represent the community.</li><li>TH: Pull request Geocode Literal proposal by situx 路 Pull Request [#466](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/466) 路 opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql (github.com) created to address [#428](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/428) and [#444](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/444)</li></ul> |
| <br/> | Run through PRs | All | <ul><li>[#466](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/466)</li></ul> |
| <br/> | Run through issues | All | [#249](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/249)  |
| 2050 | | All | Next meeting January 10 UTC2000 |
| 2052 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
| \# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| <span name="action_1">1</span> | Fix [#463](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/463) | TH | Next Meeting |
| <span name="action_2">2</span> | Complete work on [#264](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/264) | TH | Next Meeting |
| <span name="action_3">3</span> | Respond to [#451](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/451) | NC | Next Meeting |
| <span name="action_4">4</span> | Chat to NC about  [#249](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/249) | JA | Next Meeting |
