---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2023/09/06
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 06/09/2023

**Meeting Time:** 2000 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
| Attendee | Moniker |
| ---- | ---- |
| Matthew Perry | MP |
| Timo Homburg | TH |
| Nicholas Car | NC |
| Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |

## Note Takers
- MP

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |

## Discussion Items
| Time | Item | Who | Notes |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 2005 | Intro | MP | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
| 2007 | Run through actions | All | None |
| <br/> | ISO Publication Questions | All | <ul><li>What should be in editors and what should be in Contributors?</li><li>Does the license need to be there, or is it replaced by ISO’s license?</li><li>Terms and definitions section appears twice, we couldn’t work out how to remove it.</li><li>The Normative Reference section looks very different to the Bibliography, have we done something wrong in the Normative Reference section - it doesn’t look as nicely rendered as the other sections.</li><li>Does the document more or less look like what you’d expect? If not, what should change.</li><li>Repository location: https://github.com/situx/mn-samples-ogc</li><li>Latest build artefacts: https://github.com/situx/mn-samples-ogc/actions/runs/6025922660</li></ul> |
| 2041 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
| \# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| <span name="action_1">1</span> | Get metanorma repository in a state to be reviewed by OGC | TH | Next Meeting |
| <span name="action_2">2</span> | Organise review of ISO repository by OGC staff | JA | Next Meeting |
