---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2024/01/10
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 10/01/2024

**Meeting Time:** 2000 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees

| Attendee | Moniker |
| ---- | ---- |
| Matthew Perry | MP |
| Timo Homburg | TH |
| Nicholas Car | NC |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings

| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | --- |

## Discussion Items

| Time | Item | Who | Notes |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 2014 | Intro | JA | {::nomarkdown} Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul>{:/} |
| 2015 | Run through actions | All | <ul><li>TH: Fix [#463](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/463)<ul><li>TH: PR 470 ready for review</li><li>NC: Thought he already fixed it</li><li>[fixed] Merged PR [#470](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/470)</li></ul></li><li>TH: Complete work on  GeoSPARQL 1.1 Function URIs do not resolve in vocprez · Issue [#264](https://github.com/opengeospatial/NamingAuthority/issues/264)<ul><li>Unresolved issue with namespaces: Need one for parameters, Need one for outputs</li><li>PR [#469](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/469)<ul><li>TH: Will add a namespace for parameters and add a namespace for outputs</li><li>PREFIX geofo: <http://www.opengis.net/def/function/output/geosparql/></li></ul></li><li>NC: a bit too much RDF if everything is a vocabulary (required for vocprez rendering).</li><li>Good to define everything in the data but we don’t necessarily need to render everything.</li><li>Tell Gobe to only render functions vocab - don’t worry about sub elements.</li></ul></li><li>NC: Respond to [#451](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/451): Closed</li><li>JA: Chat to NC about [#249](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/249)<ul><li>NC: They should show us what JSON serialization they want so that we can evaluate it. They want a pure RDF serialization without a microformat for geometry</li><li>NC to respond to the issue.</li></ul><li>Misc topics:<ul><li>NC: Continuous Integration is building static vocabs and OGC NA is also rendering them - we should let OGC NA render them instead of us.<ul><li>NC will create a diagram and OGC NA will render artifacts</li><li>OGC NA wants confirmation that they have rendered all the things</li><li>TH: would still be good to render development versions of vocabs.</li></ul></li><li>NC: Could have published 1.1 spec document but all the other assets are preventing the release. Much longer checklist for release now.</li><li>NC: Issue [#430](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/430): Consider qualified geometries<ul><li>Should GeoSPARQL introduce the properties for qualification?</li><li>TH: issue was that the proposal was too general</li><li>NC: thinks it’s not general enough</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul> |
| <br/> | Run through PRs | All | <ul><li>Run through PRs:<ul><li>[#466](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/466) TH to fix small errors from review</li><li>[#469](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/469)<ul><li>TH to add outputs namespace</li><li>Do we need to update SHACL?</li><li>Waiting for Paul to take a look</li></ul></li><li>[#488](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/488), [#489](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/489), [#485](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/485), [#487](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/487): Example links wrong in ontology file (wrong annex), [#486](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/486): Consistent capitalization</li></ul></li></ul> |
| <br/> | Run through issues | All | <ul><li>[#494](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/494) Should use wording suggestion in issue</li><li>[#492](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/492) Some typos</li><li>[#490](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/490) Need to make suggested corrections</li><li>[#474](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/474)NC: disagree that we should use turtle prefixes instead of SPARQL style.</li></ul>   |
| 2134 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items

| \# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| <span name="action_1">1</span> | Investigate reduced rendering of vocabs, etc. now that OGC-NA is doing it. | NC | Next Meeting |
| <span name="action_2">2</span> | Respond to Issue [#430](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/430)  and write up ways to qualify a geometry, then we can see if proposed schemes cover them | NC | Next Meeting |
| <span name="action_3">3</span> | Ask Scott about remaining items for publishing | NC | Next Meeting |
