---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2024/05/29
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 05/29/2024

**Meeting Time:** 2000 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
| Attendee | Moniker |
| ---- | ---- |
| Matthew Perry | MP |
| Timo Homburg | TH |
| Nicholas Car | NC |
| Paul Cripps | PC |
| Jo Abhayaratna | JA |

## Note Takers
- MP

## Action Items From Last Meetings
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | --- |

## Discussion Items
| Time | Item | Who | Notes |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 2033 | General discussion of current status | All | <ul><li>TH: Discussion of GeoLD Workshop at ESWC 2024</li><li>NC: Discussion of need for 3D GeoSPARQL use cases</li></ul> |
| 2033 | Open Issues | All | <ul><li>[#523](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/523) Create a GH Issues template for 3D Use Cases<ul><li>JA: Would be good to get interested parties to attend one of our meetings</li></ul></li><li>[#513](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/513) SHACL links broken <ul><li>NC: these broken link issues will not be fixed unil OGC overhauls infrastructure</li></ul></li><li>[#511](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/511) 1.1: revise alignments<ul><li>JA: Still working on this new document - new computer issues</li></ul></li></ul> |
| 2105 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
| \# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| <span name="action_1">1</span> | Create initial use case template with first use case example. [#523](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/523) | NC | Next Meeting |
