<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 24/08/2022</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2000 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>Attendee | Moniker |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
          <td>JA</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Matthew Perry</td>
          <td>MP</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Nicholas Car</td>
          <td>NC</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Linda van den Brink</td>
          <td>LV</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Timo Homburg</td>
          <td>TH</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>
<p>Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>| —- | —- | — |</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>
<p>Time | Item | Who | Notes |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>2005</td>
          <td>Intro</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Call for Patents&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;None known&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;Roll Call&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees recorded in minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees confirmed vocally&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2009</td>
          <td>Pull Requests and Issues</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>Run through of PRs and Issues in Project. All comments and updates made in PRs and Issues.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2025</td>
          <td>GeoSPARQL 1.2/2.0 Scope</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>High level candidates for GeoSPARQL 1.2, or 2.0 if we feel we should skip 1.2 altogether. &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;(Candidate 1) - 1.2: ISO Co-publication <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/382">#382</a>&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;(Candidate 2) - 1.2: Improve 3D support&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;(Candidate 3) - 1.2: Raster support&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;(Candidate 4) - 1.2: More updates, including:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Parametrized geometries <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/8">#8</a>&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Ensuring that all functions in Simple Features are brought into GeoSPARQL&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Better expression of Geometry components (e.g., CRS, etc., see <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/42">#42</a>)&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Geometry roles <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/241">#241</a>&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Handling of styles for web map&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Recommendations: Improve 3D Support&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2120</td>
          <td> </td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>Slot for Geosemantics DWG meeting update</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2125</td>
          <td> </td>
          <td> </td>
          <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>
<p># | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>| —- | —- | —- |</li>
</ul>
