<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 13/07/2022</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2000 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>Attendee | Moniker |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
          <td>JA</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Matthew Perry</td>
          <td>MP</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Frans Knibbe</td>
          <td>FK</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Nicholas Car</td>
          <td>NC</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Linda van den Brink</td>
          <td>LV</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Scott Simmons</td>
          <td>SS</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Robert Gibb</td>
          <td>RG</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Timo Homburg</td>
          <td>TH</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>
<p>Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>| —- | —- | — |</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>
<p>Time | Item | Who | Notes |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>2007</td>
          <td>Intro</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Call for Patents&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;None known&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;Roll Call&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees recorded in minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees confirmed vocally&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2009</td>
          <td>Pull Requests and Issues</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>Run through of PRs and Issues in Project. All comments and updates made in PRs and Issues.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2115</td>
          <td>Requirements and OGC Compliance Testing</td>
          <td>TH</td>
          <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;What are we doing about gathering requirements for 1.2/2.0. Suggestion: email the mailing list to tell them we’re proposing scope for the next iteration. We’d ask them to update issues they’re passionate about with comments (e.g., +1).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;CITE Testing - What do we need to do to enable compliance testing and certification, and are OGC going to recognise/certify compliant systems. <br />https://github.com/OpenLinkSoftware/GeoSPARQLBenchmark<br />https://www.mdpi.com/2220-9964/10/7/487<br />https://hobbit-project.github.io&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2125</td>
          <td> </td>
          <td> </td>
          <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>
<p># | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>| —- | —- | —- |</li>
</ul>
