<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 23/03/2022</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2100 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>Attendee | Moniker |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
          <td>JA</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Timo Homburg</td>
          <td>TH</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Matthew Perry</td>
          <td>MP</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Linda van den Brink</td>
          <td>LV</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Nicholas Car</td>
          <td>NC</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>
<p>Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>| —- | —- | — |</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>
<p>Time | Item | Who | Notes |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>2100</td>
          <td>Intro</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Call for Patents&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;None known&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;Roll Call&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees recorded in minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees confirmed vocally&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2101</td>
          <td>Issue <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/112">#112</a></td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>Issue  <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/112">#112</a> needs concrete resolution. At the next meeting, this will be going to a vote. Should all members not be present, we will summarise the vote into a 2 week email vote.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2109</td>
          <td>ISO Request</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>ISO members are interested in joining the SWG to work on GeoSPARQL 1.2.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2111</td>
          <td>Other business</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;JA: Yesterday, JA, TH and FK met with Martin Desrisseaux to discuss the need for a CRS Ontology endorsed by the CRS SWG. Martin is very supportive of the work we intend to do, and has provided several suggestions on how to obtain support from the group. We are currently working up a use case as an example of what you can do with SPARQL and RDF.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Next steps:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Gain support for the version of the GOM 19111 Ontology with translation artifacts cleaned up.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Push extensions into Geosemantics DWG&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt; Push the output of the extensions work in GeoSem DWG to GeoSPARQL 1.2, and recharter if necessary.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;3D Cadastral Project includes outputs that are potential future GeoSPARQL 3D modeling examples.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2130</td>
          <td>New time</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>With daylight savings upon us, we need to lock in a time for meetings going forward. We have settled on moving the meeting time to 8pm UTC.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2135</td>
          <td> </td>
          <td> </td>
          <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>
<p># | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>| —- | —- | —- |</li>
</ul>
