<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 09/03/2022</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2030 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>Attendee | Moniker |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
          <td>JA</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Timo Homburg</td>
          <td>TH</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Matthew Perry</td>
          <td>MP</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Frans Knibbe</td>
          <td>FK</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Nicholas Car</td>
          <td>NC</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA, MP</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>
<p>Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>| —- | —- | — |</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>
<p>Time | Item | Who | Notes |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>2037</td>
          <td>Intro</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Call for Patents&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;None known&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;Roll Call&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees recorded in minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees confirmed vocally&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2039</td>
          <td>Running through PRs</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>Running through Pull requests - comments in pull requests</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2050</td>
          <td>Running through project</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>Running through Project - comments in issues</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2154</td>
          <td>Other business</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: by next meeting, we’ll have a OGC API Features in production backed by GeoSPARQL 1.1 data.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;JA: last week, TH and FK presented to the CRS DWG on the need for a CRS Ontology endorsed by the DWG. It’s clear the DWG doesn’t itself need the ontology, but we will need their endorsement to support uptake of the ontology. This DWG was clear that our starting point should be the ISO 19111 GOM Ontology. TH has already made a start, pulling in the Ontology, making a few amendments to support broader use. JA has got agreement from CRS SWG Chair to work with us on constructing a compelling story around those amendments to support endorsement. If interested, please reach out to any of TH, FK, or JA.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2200</td>
          <td> </td>
          <td> </td>
          <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>
<p># | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>| —- | —- | —- |</li>
</ul>
