<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom" ><generator uri="https://jekyllrb.com/" version="4.3.3">Jekyll</generator><link href="/ogc-geosparql/feed.xml" rel="self" type="application/atom+xml" /><link href="/ogc-geosparql/" rel="alternate" type="text/html" /><updated>2024-02-23T01:35:48+00:00</updated><id>/ogc-geosparql/feed.xml</id><title type="html">Jekyll Actions Demo</title><entry><title type="html">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2020/12/16</title><link href="/ogc-geosparql/2020/12/16/notes.html" rel="alternate" type="text/html" title="GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2020/12/16" /><published>2020-12-16T00:00:00+00:00</published><updated>2020-12-16T00:00:00+00:00</updated><id>/ogc-geosparql/2020/12/16/notes</id><content type="html" xml:base="/ogc-geosparql/2020/12/16/notes.html"><![CDATA[<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 16/12/2020</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2030 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>Attendee | Moniker |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Dimitris Kotzinos</td>
          <td>DK</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Frans Knibbe</td>
          <td>FK</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
          <td>JA</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Josh Lieberman</td>
          <td>JL</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Krzysztof Janowicz</td>
          <td>KJ</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Matthew Perry</td>
          <td>MP</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Nicholas Car</td>
          <td>NC</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Paul Cripps</td>
          <td>PC</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Robert Gibb</td>
          <td>RG</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Timo Homburg</td>
          <td>TH</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
  <li>NC</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>
<p>Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Y</td>
          <td>Run through GeoSPARQL 1.0 and add candidate terms and definitions to issue https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/10. Looking for Geometry for example</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Y</td>
          <td>Review version 1.0 profile added by NC (https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/58) based on requirements for Issue https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/7. Use this as the starting point for adding items</td>
          <td>TH</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Y</td>
          <td>Create issue in Github; Chairs to increase community awareness of the update, and in particular these feedback requirements</td>
          <td>FK</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Y</td>
          <td>Discuss with Scott Simmons whether we can add links to press releases re White Paper and current working group on the GeoSPARQL standards homepage @ https://www.ogc.org/standards/geosparql</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Y</td>
          <td>Edit the Github project homepage to describe: how to get involved, what we’re doing, etc.,</td>
          <td>FK</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Y</td>
          <td>Create an issue with vendors communicated with</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Y</td>
          <td>Add Virtuoso to Vendor List</td>
          <td>TH</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Y</td>
          <td>Create communications plan</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Y</td>
          <td>Chase up Frans’s access to the GeoSPARQL Mailing List</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Y</td>
          <td>Add reference to the profile for the simple features geometries</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Y</td>
          <td>Add grooming of new issues to agenda of next meeting</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>
<p>Time | Item | Who | Notes |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>2030</td>
          <td>Intro</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Call for Patents <br /> - None known <br /> Roll Call <br /> - Attendees recorded in minutes</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2043</td>
          <td>Voting</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Email voting does not create a convenient record of decisions, and is limited in visibility. <strong>Agreement:</strong> We will turn to GitHub Issues, rather than email. Better tracking and more transparent</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2047</td>
          <td>Current Work</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Worked through a review of Github Project Iteration 1 using screen sharing</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2050</td>
          <td>Open Issues</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>- Issue #40 was Closed because we have added the TTL version to the repo and are using that to edit the standard <br /> - PR https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/1 has achieved 2 approvals, and as agreed by the SWG has been accepted into the version 1.1 draft. <br /> - Issue https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/56 is likely to be closed soon since it’s substantially answered. A new Issue has been been raised (https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/67) to source the RIF rules for Profile 1.0. <br /> - Issue #7  is awaiting approval of https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/58, and then this is ready for review. Question: Minimum Bounding Circle. <br /> - https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/33 will be reviewed by NC in time for one of the first meetings in 2021 and will split int 1.1 v. 2.0 elements</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2110</td>
          <td>Next meeting</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>- Discussion about next meeting v. holidays. It seems Jan 13th is reasonable to reconvene with the Dec 31st meeting skipped. <strong>Agreement:</strong> Jan 13th selected as next meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2115</td>
          <td> </td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Chair handed to DK</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2120</td>
          <td>Ontology Definitions</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>(<em>Action 1</em>)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2126</td>
          <td>Grooming</td>
          <td>NC, JA</td>
          <td>- Discussion of un-rated Issues, newest first, multiple Milestones assigned <br /> - List of unassigned Issues down to 1 page</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2204</td>
          <td> </td>
          <td> </td>
          <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>
<p># | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>1</td>
          <td>Add a table of current practices to Issue https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/63 and the SWG can pick up direction from that</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>]]></content><author><name></name></author><summary type="html"><![CDATA[GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes Meeting Details Meeting Date: 16/12/2020]]></summary></entry><entry><title type="html">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2020/12/02</title><link href="/ogc-geosparql/2020/12/02/notes.html" rel="alternate" type="text/html" title="GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2020/12/02" /><published>2020-12-02T00:00:00+00:00</published><updated>2020-12-02T00:00:00+00:00</updated><id>/ogc-geosparql/2020/12/02/notes</id><content type="html" xml:base="/ogc-geosparql/2020/12/02/notes.html"><![CDATA[<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>

<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 02/12/2020</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2030 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>Attendee | Moniker |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Dalia Varanka</td>
          <td>DV</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Frans Knibbe</td>
          <td>FK</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Gabriella Wiersma</td>
          <td>GW</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
          <td>JA</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Matthew Perry</td>
          <td>MP</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Nicholas Car</td>
          <td>NC</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Paul Cripps</td>
          <td>PC</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Timo Homburg</td>
          <td>TH</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>
<p>None</p>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>
<p>Time | Item | Who | Notes |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>2030</td>
          <td>Intro</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Call for Patents <br /> - None known <br /> Roll Call <br /> - Attendees recorded in minutes</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2040</td>
          <td>Updates on issues</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>- Update on Issues https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/10 and https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/15, publishing the underlying definitions on the Semantic Web (<em>Action 1</em>)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2100</td>
          <td>Issue #7</td>
          <td>TH</td>
          <td>Has a pull request, but is waiting on a functions artefact to add the output for aggregates to. <br /> There is already issue #56 that aims to address these (<em>Action 2</em>)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2115</td>
          <td>Issue #1</td>
          <td>TH</td>
          <td>Issue https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/1 has a pull request. Discussion suggests we will not add the Entailment Extensions for GeoJSON. We will also look to seek feedback on removing the entailment extensions in 2.0. (<em>Action 3</em>)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2125</td>
          <td>Increasing visibility</td>
          <td>FK</td>
          <td>- Looking for more visibility of the 1.1 GeoSPARQL update and related work (<em>Actions 4 and 5</em>)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2142</td>
          <td>Visibility with vendors</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>Want to ensure that vendors are aware of our activities, and provide input. We’d like somewhere where we vendor involvement/awareness is recorded (<em>Actions 6, 7, and 8</em>)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2151</td>
          <td>Mailing list</td>
          <td>FK</td>
          <td>Still some issues with the mailing list (<em>Action 9</em>)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2152</td>
          <td>Scope</td>
          <td>PC</td>
          <td>Is this file in scope for this activity: http://schemas.opengis.net/sf/1.0/simple_features_geometries.rdf (<em>Action 10</em>)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2153</td>
          <td>Grooming</td>
          <td>FK</td>
          <td>More issues have been added (e.g., https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/42 and https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/43) since we groomed items for 1.1 and 2.0 (<em>Action 11</em>)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2156</td>
          <td> </td>
          <td> </td>
          <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>
<p># | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>1</td>
          <td>Run through GeoSPARQL 1.0 and add candidate terms and definitions to issue 10. Looking for Geometry for example</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2</td>
          <td>Review version 1.0 profile added by NC (https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/58) based on requirements for Issue https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/7. Use this as the starting point for adding items</td>
          <td>TH</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>3</td>
          <td>Create issue in Github; Chairs to increase community awareness of the update, and in particular these feedback requirements</td>
          <td>FK</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>4</td>
          <td>Discuss with Scott Simmons whether we can add links to press releases re White Paper and current working group on the GeoSPARQL standards homepage @ https://www.ogc.org/standards/geosparql</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>5</td>
          <td>Edit the Github project homepage to describe: how to get involved, what we’re doing, etc.,</td>
          <td>FK</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>6</td>
          <td>Create an issue with vendors communicated with</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>7</td>
          <td>Add Virtuoso to Vendor List</td>
          <td>TH</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>8</td>
          <td>Create communications plan</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>9</td>
          <td>Chase up Frans’s access to the GeoSPARQL Mailing List</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>10</td>
          <td>Add reference to the profile for the simple features geometries</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>11</td>
          <td>Add grooming of new issues to agenda of next meeting</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>]]></content><author><name></name></author><summary type="html"><![CDATA[GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes Meeting Details]]></summary></entry><entry><title type="html">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2020/11/18</title><link href="/ogc-geosparql/2020/11/18/notes.html" rel="alternate" type="text/html" title="GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2020/11/18" /><published>2020-11-18T00:00:00+00:00</published><updated>2020-11-18T00:00:00+00:00</updated><id>/ogc-geosparql/2020/11/18/notes</id><content type="html" xml:base="/ogc-geosparql/2020/11/18/notes.html"><![CDATA[<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 18/11/2020</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2030 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>Attendee | Moniker |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Dimitris Kotzinos</td>
          <td>DK</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Frans Knibbe</td>
          <td>FK</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Gabriella Wiersma</td>
          <td>GW</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
          <td>JA</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Josh Lieberman</td>
          <td>JL</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Krzysztof Janowicz</td>
          <td>KJ</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Matthew Perry</td>
          <td>MP</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Nicholas Car</td>
          <td>NC</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Paul Cripps</td>
          <td>PC</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Simon Cox</td>
          <td>SC</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Timo Homburg</td>
          <td>TH</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
  <li>KJ</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>
<p>Time | Item | Who | Notes |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>2030</td>
          <td>Intro</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Call for Patents <br /> - None known <br /> Roll Call <br /> - Attendees recorded in minutes</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2040</td>
          <td>Protocols</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>- Minutes will be taken in Google Doc, and translated to Github meetings log <br /> - Setup: pull requests will be checked by two other members of the group <br /> Reviewing 1.1 pull requests.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2050</td>
          <td>Issues and Pull Requests</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>Closing issue https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/50 <br /> Merging pull request https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/53</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2100</td>
          <td>Issue #10</td>
          <td>Also relates to https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/15</td>
          <td> </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2110</td>
          <td>Scope</td>
          <td>- Making all definitions e.g., for Geometry, Web-available in Semantic Web Format / RDF <br /> - SC: All we are discussing for now are annotation properties that do not affect semantics <br /> - Discussion on whether the 1.0 ontology should be changed at all no matter whether it will chains any entailments. <br /> - <strong>Agreement:</strong> All the changes will be made to 1.1, not 1.0.</td>
          <td> </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2120</td>
          <td>GeoJSON https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/48</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>- Discussion on how to deal with geo:hasSerialization and more specific serializations such as GeoJSON. <br /> - KJ/NC/SC on the need for URIs for Geometries etc <br /> - MP: There are useful use cases for serialization specific relationships such as asWKT. <br /> <strong>Agreement:</strong> #48 can be approved</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2130</td>
          <td>Representing empty literals</td>
          <td>TH</td>
          <td>- Are we restricting us to WGS84 → the format does this, not us. <br /> - JL: This would have to be a flavor of JSON that does not conform to GeoJSON <br /> - SC: GeoJSON is unlikely to change and one would need another serialization and there even may be naming issues <br /> - JL: There are many reasons to have a GeoSPARQL-JSON <br /> - TH: do we need something like ‘empty’ points? Instead of a NULL geometry <br /> - NC → POINT() but (TH) how does this differ from the entirely empty literal? <br /> - Two class hierarchies, why? <br /> - SC: As far as OGC is concerned all roads lead to https://www.iso.org/standard/66175.html Does are not Web-ready so to speak</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2150</td>
          <td>Other Business</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>Do we want to allow for external artifacts? At last not those that would create logical inconsistencies depending on the formalism we use.</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>
<p>None</p>]]></content><author><name></name></author><summary type="html"><![CDATA[GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes Meeting Details Meeting Date: 18/11/2020]]></summary></entry></feed>