# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 19/04/2023

**Meeting Time:** 2000 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Linda van den Brink | LV |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Paul Cripps | PC |
Nicholas Car | NC |


## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |


## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
2005 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
2009 | Run through status of 1.1 | All | <ul><li>Revision 1.2 will be reserved for ISO co-publication</li><li>Revision 1.3 needs some git work done to enable us to move forward. This should simply be a case of creating a long living branch for version 1.1, to enable any change requests prior to publication.</li><li>Resulting actions: [(**Action 1**)](#action_1) [(**Action 2**)](#action_2) [(**Action 3**)](#action_3) [(**Action 4**)](#action_4) [(**Action 5**)](#action_5) [(**Action 6**)](#action_6)</li></ul>|
2056 | Testbed 19 | All | NC working on the Test Bed 19: expanding on the APIs that use GeoSPARQL - requirement to handle vectors and rasters. |
2107 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
<span name="action_1">1</span> | JA to set up the long lived branch for 1.1 | JA | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_2">2</span> | JA to kick off email vote | JA | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_3">3</span> | Alter Issue/PR names from 1.2 to 1.3 | JA | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_4">4</span> | JA to move all done 1.3 tickets to 1.1 and remove them from the board. | JA | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_5">5</span> | NC to work with Rob Atkinson on outstanding IRI ticket | NC | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_6">6</span> | JA/NC to catch up with Scott Simmons re ISO Copublication | NC/JA | Next Meeting |
