# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 26/07/2023

**Meeting Time:** 1500 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Linda van den Brink | LV |
Paul Cripps | PC |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |
n | JA to discuss Mainz University membership and chairpersonship with TH and Scott Simmons - Only till August  | JA | Next Meeting |
n | JA to kick off vote on chairs | JA | Next Meeting |

## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1507 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
1507 | Run through actions | All | Results: [(**Action 1**)](#action_1) [(**Action 2**)](#action_2) |
1513 | Chair vote | All | <ul><li>Chairs confirmed<ul><li>Joseph Abhayaratna (Geoscape Australia)</li><li>Timo Homburg (Mainz University of Applied Sciences)</li><li>Matt Perry (Oracle)</li></ul></li><li>ISO Co-publication<ul><li>Built document here: https://github.com/situx/mn-samples-ogc/actions/runs/5601836735</li><li>Needs an abstract</li></ul></li></ul> |
1517 | Run through PRs and issues | All | <ul><li>[#382](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/382) ISO co-publication</li><li>[#427](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/427) Support WKB literals in GeoSPARQL</li></ul> |
1550 | Other business | All | No other business |
1552 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
<span name="action_1">1</span> | Jo to add an abstract to the ISO document. | JA | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_2">2</span> | Jo to confirm whether we can continue to edit the standard in the ISO co-pub template with Scott Simmons | JA | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_3">3</span> | Jo to run through ISO co-pub ticket with Scott Simmons | JA | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_4">4</span> | Jo to confirm chairs with Scott Simmons | JA | Next Meeting |
