# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 29/11/2023

**Meeting Time:** 2000 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Paul Cripps | PC |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |
y | Making corrections based on the link checker to the metanorma document. | TH | Next Meeting |
? | Check in with Scott and see where GeoSPARQL is in the publication process, and how a bug relating to Area (returns an RDF resource bu​​t should be an xsd:double). We’re also making corrections based on the link checker. Which version of the document will be published? (In Progress) | JA | Next Meeting |
? | Question for OGC: If we were to define an extension or outputs other than just GeoSPARQL, where would we put it? | NC | Next Meeting |
y | Run a link checker over the ogc geosparql repository | NC | Next Meeting |

## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
2007 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
2007 | Run through actions | All | <ul><li>JA: Where are we with EWKB? EWKB can be standardised but must be standardised as is.</li><li>NC: Where are we with URI allocation? Numerous issues raised within the NamingAuthority GitHub repo that need to be addressed before URI will be allocated.</li></ul> |
<br/> | Coordination | All | <ul><li>[#462](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/462) Approved</li><li>[#461](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/461) Nick to complete and push to branch.</li></ul> |
<br/> | Run through issues | All | [#444](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/444)  |
2102 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
<span name="action_1">1</span> | Fix [#454](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/454), [#455](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/455), and [#463](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/463) | NC | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_2">2</span> | #264 of OGC Naming Authority Git Hub Repository - URIs do not resolve and things need to be fixed in the turtle file. This has been corrected by pull request [#461](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/461) | TH | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_3">3</span> | Respond to [#451](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/451) | NC | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_4">4</span> | Reach out to 3DIM members to see if we can get them to join our group. [#443](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/443) , [#429](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/429) | JA | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_5">5</span> | Looking at creating a pull request to address [#444](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/444) and [#428](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/428). | JA | Next Meeting |
