# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 09/08/2023

**Meeting Time:** 2000 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Linda van den Brink | LV |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |
n | JA to discuss Mainz University membership and chairpersonship with TH and Scott Simmons - Only till August  | JA | Next Meeting |
y | JA to kick off vote on chairs | JA | Next Meeting |

## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
2005 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
2007 | Run through actions | All | No progress |
2017 | Run through PRs and issues | All | <ul><li>[#418](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/418) - discussed how this interacts with qualified features. Specific example being proposed buildings and their different geometries and the need to use a different style for fuzzy geometries in EU/Germany. Discussion with NC required</li><li>Issues for consideration: Confirming scope, Spatial Ontology</li></ul> |
2045 | CRS as ProjJSON-LD | All | <ul><li>Looking at whether CRS can be represented using Projection JSON. We would then define a JSON-LD context for it. This would require an OGC namespace, but we’ll need to consider who would sponsor the request through OGC-NA.</li><li>TH - Can we make corrections in the spec since it’s already approved or is it too late? We need to check with Scott. ISO version could potentially have some fixes.</li></ul> |
2100 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
<span name="action_1">1</span> | Jo to confirm whether OGC has interest/appetite for developing a Spatial Ontology or having it be part of GeoSPARQL. | JA | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_2">2</span> | Jo to reach out to Martin Disresseaux about Projection JSON. | JA | Next Meeting |
