<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>

  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">

  <title>GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2022/02/23</title>
  <meta name="description" content="GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting MinutesMeeting DetailsMeeting Date: 23/02/2022">

  <!--<link rel="stylesheet" href="/ogc-geosparql/css/main.css">-->
  <link rel="canonical" href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2022-02-23-notes/">
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page" href="/ogc-geosparql/feed.xml">
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.simplecss.org/simple.min.css">
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/jquery@3.6.4/dist/jquery.min.js"></script>
</head>


  <body>

    <header style="position:fixed;width:100%" id="topNav" class="site-header">
  <nav>
    <a href="/ogc-geosparql/geosparql10/">GeoSPARQL 1.0</a>
    <a href="/ogc-geosparql/geosparql11/">GeoSPARQL 1.1</a>
    <a href="/ogc-geosparql/geosparql12/">GeoSPARQL 1.2</a>
    <a href="/ogc-geosparql/geosparql13/">GeoSPARQL Development Draft</a>
    <a href="/ogc-geosparql/relatedwork/">Related Work</a>
</nav>

  
  <h3>GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2022/02/23</h3>
  
</header>
 

    <div class="page-content" style="padding-top: 200px;">
      <div class="wrapper">
        
<article class="post" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/BlogPosting">

  <div class="post-content" itemprop="articleBody" markdown="1">
    

<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 23/02/2022</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2030 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Attendee</th>
      <th>Moniker</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
      <td>JA</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Timo Homburg</td>
      <td>TH</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Matthew Perry</td>
      <td>MP</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Frans Knibbe</td>
      <td>FK</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Nicholas Car</td>
      <td>NC</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA, MP</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>

<p>| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| —- | —- | —- | — |</p>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Who</th>
      <th>Notes</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>2035</td>
      <td>Intro</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2037</td>
      <td>Any business before going through PRs</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>NC: We should mark remaining issues that need to be fixed before publishing 1.1</li><li>JA: How is the progress on the CRS Ontology paper<ul><li>TH: current paper is here https://github.com/opengeospatial/ontology-crs/pull/1</li><li>FK: Presentation is here https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/15Qh2k79wFoDCDWLuGt9CHbWuxecjfSi17QMp4zrbyWI/edit?usp=sharing</li><li>Presentation on March 2</li><li>FK and TH to present, JA to add some high level points</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2048</td>
      <td>Running through PRs</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>[#288](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/288)<ul><li>NC & TH: Awaiting comment from FK because it’s his issue</li><li>NC: I want to avoid repeating what is in the related standards</li><li>FK to review</li></ul></li><li>[#287](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/287)<ul><li>TH: We need to update a table in one of the annexes (D3)</li><li>NC to review</li></ul></li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><br /></td>
      <td>Running through issues</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>[#199](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/199) FK: In progress, still waiting for Gobe</li><li>[#112](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/112) NC: Will review shortly</li><li>[#269](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/269)<ul><li>FK: to be addressed with a new paragraph</li><li>Related to issue [#278](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/278)</li><li>Also [#285](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/285)</li></ul></li><li>[#225](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/255)<ul><li>In progress by FK and LVB</li><li>FK: end product will be 5 different .ttl files</li><li>FK: will create a separate issue for missing en tags</li></ul></li><li>[#22](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/22)<ul><li>NC: can we close this one</li><li>FK: it was MB’s issue</li><li>NC: I believe the decision was that it is a group attribution</li><li>NC: we should be able to close this pending a check with MB</li></ul></li><li>[#110](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/110)<ul><li>TH: we have already added a transformation function for SRS transformation in 1.1</li><li>NC: moving to in-progress</li></ul></li><li>[#285](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/285) NC & MP: ok to remove ISO 19107 reference</li><li>[#115](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/115) NC & TH: this issue is already done</li><li>[#100](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/100)<ul><li>NC: Just keep updating the list</li><li>FK: one list or two lists?</li><li>NC: we should have 2 lists: original plus 1.1 list</li><li>NC: waiting for input from SS</li></ul></li><li>[#177](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/177) FK: PR 287 will close it</li><li>[#256](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/256)<ul><li>NC: I will get to it</li><li>NC: TH and NC are doing some related testing</li></ul></li><li>[#144](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/144)<ul><li>NC: A recent comment addresses some of this</li><li>Potentially addressed by PR 288</li></ul></li><li>[#163](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/163) NC: probably ready to work on this now</li><li>[#261](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/261)<ul><li>Missing a few functions that we need to add: concaveHull, boundingCircle, convexHull</li><li>FK: Some inconsistent naming between functions, properties and aggregates</li><li>NC: Need aliases for bounding box and envelope</li><li>NC to make the changes</li></ul></li><li>[#270](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/270) NC to take a look</li><li>[#272](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/272) FK to do it</li><li>[#277](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/277) <ul><li>FK: in progress</li><li>NC: does the vocabulary need more notes or just spec - FK: spec should be enough</li></ul></li><li>[#286](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/286) FK to do</li><li>[#238](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/238) NC waiting on Simple Features explanation from FK</li></ul></li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2154</td>
      <td>Other business</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td><ul><li>NC: we need to make some progress on moving the 1.1 spec along</li><li>NC: we need a 1.2 version for ISO this calendar year</li><li>NC: let’s ask the chairs what is next in the process</li><li>FK: it would be good to tackle the DGGS issues first</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2200</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td> </td>
      <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>

<p>| # | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| —- | —- | —- | —- |</p>
  </div>

</article>
<a href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2022-02-09-notes/">Previous</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2022-03-09-notes/">Next</a>
      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <h5 class="footer-heading">GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page</h5>

    <div class="footer-col-wrapper">
      <div class="footer-col footer-col-1">
        <ul class="contact-list" style="list-style-type:none;">
          <li>GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page</li>
          <li><a href="mailto:geosparql.swg@lists.opengeospatial.org">geosparql.swg@lists.opengeospatial.org</a></li>
        </ul>
      </div>

      <div class="footer-col footer-col-2">
        <ul class="social-media-list" style="list-style-type:none;">
          <li>
            <a href="https://opengeospatial.github.io/ogc-geosparql/blog/">Meeting Notes</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>

      <div class="footer-col footer-col-3">
        <p>Rescources and development versions of the GeoSPARQL standard</p>
      </div>
    </div>

  </div>

</footer>


  </body>

</html>
