# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 14/07/2021

**Meeting Time:** 1530 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Mathias Bonduel | MB |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Simon Cox | SC |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Paul Cripps | PC |


## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |
N | Create an issue that outlines first suggestions for modularity | FK | Next Meeting |

## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1535 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<br>- None known<br/><br/>Roll Call<br/>- Attendees recorded in minutes<br/>- Attendees confirmed vocally |
1536 | Run through of Pull Requests | JA | TH [#176](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/176)<br/>Key questions:<br/>- URIs for requirements. Should we be publishing with new URIs, or reuse the existing ones, or both.<br/>Resolutions<br/>- URIs reflect the head i.e., the latest, a combination of 1.0, 1.1, and beyond.<br/>- We want to reuse existing URIs<br/>- We don’t want to needlessly create new URIs<br/>MB [#173](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/173)<br/>DISCUSSION:<br/>- Shape 1: Conflict relating to whether there should be only one serialization for a geometry.<br/>- Shape 2: Some people are storing Geometries with no incoming links. It’s not a problem as we can deactivate this shape if it is an issue. The bigger issue is the limit on the max constraint. Keeping this does not promote the reuse of Geometries that we’re keen to see more of. Discussion landed on removing the constraint.<br/>- Shapes 16-20: Simplified regular expressions for WKT, GeoJSON, KML, DGGS, GML are preferred to anything that delves into the shape in too much detail. Main goal is to ensure that the serialization property matches the data (i.e., gmlLiteral doesn’t have a KML serialization).<br/>- Shapes 31: geo:hasSerialization should never be asserted - to be removed.<br/>Expecting more work to be done by the next meeting, but not until the second week.<br/>NC: DGGS still needs an example. Auspix example was removed, but will be readded to the spec and not to the ontology. |
1600 | Run through Issues | All | Issues completed were moved to Done<br/>- Two In Progress Pull Requests were added to In Progress |
1605 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
