---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2021/12/15
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 15/12/2021

**Meeting Time:** 2030 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---
- | ---- |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Frans Knibbe | FK |
Linda van den Brink | LV |
Nicholas Car | NC |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---
- | ---- | ---- | --- |


## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---
- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
2037 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
2040 |  | JA | <ul><li>CRS Ontology<ul><li>Good to have an OGC CRS Ontology to accompany the standard. We will work on setting up a focused conversation with a focusing question, to put to the CRS and Geosemantics DWGs. [(**Action 1**)](#action_1)</li></ul></li><li>Next Meeting: January 12</li><li>The Approval Process: How to write release notes [(**Action 2**)](#action_2) |
2045 | Run through Pull Requests and Issues | All | - |
2212 | Other business | All | Functions that generalize (lower precision, etc.,), have these been defined sufficiently? |
2219 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---
- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
<span name="action_1">1</span> | FK to hold a focused conversation in the Geosemantics DWGs. | FK | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_2">2</span> | JA to ask OGC if there’s a standard way to show change notes. If not, we’ll put a dot point form Release Note alongside the standard that refers to the paper. | JA | Next Meeting |
