# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 03/11/2021

**Meeting Time:** 1530 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Simon Cox | SC |
Robert Gibb | RG |


## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |


## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1535 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
1537 | GeoSPARQL 1.1 Paper | NC | (**Action 1**) Group to look at it and get back to NC and TH by COB Friday |
1545 | Run through Issues and Issues | JA |  |
1620 | Other business | All | Surround Australia work with Edge and Cubewerx indexing both appear to be reference implementation of DGGS |
1635 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
<span name="action_1">1</span> | Group to look at it and get back to NC and TH by COB Friday | All | Next Meeting |
