---
title: GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2021/11/17
---
# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 17/11/2021

**Meeting Time:** 2030 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---
- | ---- |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Robert Gibb | RG |
Paul Cripps | PC |


## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---
- | ---- | ---- | --- |


## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---
- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
2035 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
2037 | GeoSPARQL 1.1 Paper | NC | Paper submitted |
2037 | Run through PRs | All | <ul><li>[#237](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/237) MP to review</li><li>[#236](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/236) MP to review</li><li>[#235](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/235) MP to review: Need to create a new issue for 3D Geometry examples - NC to create</li><li>[#234](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/234) <ul><li>NC to solicit feedback from authors of aligned ontologies</li><li>Would be a good idea to provide machine processable mappings in RDF after stabilizing alignments</li><li>Looking for other ontologies to align</li><li>PC to create an issue for non-geometric relations for GeoSPARQL 1.2</li><li>TH - some missing ontologies - wikidata, linked geo data, open street map, inspire - TH to have a look</li></ul></li><li>[#233](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/233) <ul><li>TH - work in progress. Happy to have contributions.</li><li>NC - good to have a link to community repository</li></ul></li><li>[#219](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/219) MP and NC to review</li><li>[#136](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/136) No more work to do at the moment</li></ul></li></ul>   |
<br/> | Run through issues | All | <ul><li>Skipping issues for FK</li><li>[#65](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/65) NC: closed do to duplicate issue</li><li>[#15](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/15) NC: will be closed automatically</li><li>[#43](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/43) To be done once we are closer to the finish, Leaning towards separate .ttl files for each language</li><li>[#203](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/203) NC to add his comment to the spec</li><li>[#230](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/230) <ul><li>Need a paragraph on how to apply SHACL</li><li>TH and NC to handle and close issue</li><li>NC: Could add SHACL validation examples to examples appendix</li></ul></li><li>[#231](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/231) Consensus is to add a single multi-purpose function</li></ul></li></ul>   |
2139 | Other business | All | <ul><li>TC211<ul><li>Why doesnâ€™t the TC consider co-publishing the next version of GeoSPARQL (1.2)?</li><li>Need to ask if this group is ok with co-publishing</li><li>TC has certain rules for ISO requirements</li><li>The change should only be for formatting</li><li>NC to send mail to mailing list</li></ul></li><li>TH: writing proposal for GeoLD workshop for ESWC: Need some people on the PC</li></ul> |
2158 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---
- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
