# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 27/01/2021
**Meeting Time:** 1530 UTC
**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker
Gabriella Wiersma | GW
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA
Krzysztof Janowicz | KJ
Matthew Perry | MP
Nicholas Car | NC
Timo Homburg | TH

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Y | Send email to W3C Spatial Data on the Web Working Group mailing list to inform them of the revision of GeoSPARQL | JA | Next Meeting |
| Y | copy all correct GoToMeeting URLs into meeting requests | JA | 14/01/2021 |

## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1530 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents <BR/> - None known <BR/> Roll Call <BR/> - Attendees recorded in minutes |
1537 | Attribution in Ontologies | KJ | - Seems like every predicate is attributed, which seems like overkill and potentially causes issues with people racing to commit <BR/> - Discussion in group: let’s use a rolled up whole of standard attribution and leave it at that. This mimics the paper based standards, and other standard standards practice. (*Actions 1 and 2*) |
1548 | Pull Requests | All | - #78 adds a continuous integration process that validates our TTL files, and provides a landing page for them using pyLODE. We would preferably use asciidoctor to create the ontology. (*Action 3*) <BR/> - #72 (*Action 4*) <BR/> - #57 (*Action 5*) <BR/> - #52 (*Action 6*) |
1622 | Issues | All | - #12: TH has put together https://github.com/situx/proj4rdf for a related project, and recommended it in the issue. <BR/> - Question about geof:buffer (and other functions with ogc:geomLiteral, ... -> ogc:geomLiteral). Expectation from users in that output subclass will match input subclass for geomLiteral. Not expected to test other subclasses, but the standard doesn’t currently make a change in geomLiteral subclass non-compliant. <BR/> - Can we get a list of reviews to TH for the GeoSPARQL Benchmark. (*Action 7*) |
1639 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
| # | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 1 | Remove redundancy in labels and comments, replace DC with DC terms, and moving attributions up to the ontology level | NC | Next Meeting |
| 2 | Contact Scott Simmons to work out how attribution should work in the ontology. Examples: OGC Standards (listing editors) and DCAT (https://github.com/w3c/dxwg/blob/gh-pages/dcat/rdf/dcat2.ttl) | JA | Next Meeting |
| 3 | Send the commands for using asciidoctor to create the ontology in PDF and HTML | JA | Next Meeting |
| 4 | Add KJ (kjano) as a review for #72 | JA | Done in Meeting |
| 5 | Use safunctions in the path segment on #57 | TH | Next Meeting |
| 6 | Finalise work on #52 and submit for review | NC | Next Meeting |
| 7 | Send through some names. **From KJ:** Timo, Blake Regalia could come to mind, Carsten Kessler, Tomi Kauppinen, maybe Simon Scheider | KJ | Done in Meeting |
