# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 13/01/2021

**Meeting Time:** 2030 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Dimitris Kotzinos | DK |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Mathias Bonduel | MB |
Robert Gibb | RG |
Simon Cox | SC |
Timo Homburg | TH |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |
Y | Add a table of current practices to Issue https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/63 and the SWG can pick up direction from that | NC | Next Meeting |

## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
2030 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul> Roll Call <ul><li> Attendees recorded in minutes</li></ul> |
2040 | Pull Requests | JA | Ran through [#71](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/71). Nick Car is continuing the conversation with RIF people, but appears this may not be as helpful as hoped |
2043 | Test Suites | All | <ul><li> SC suggested that we consider adding tests, as he is doing for OWL-Time </li><li> TH has worked extensively on this here: https://github.com/mjovanovik/GeoSPARQLBenchmark/tree/develop/2 </li><li> **Question:** The Benchmark above tests with two WKT literals (and some with two GML literals). Suggested that we at least exercise each requirement with WKT and GML. The Benchmark provides a good starting point, which we could expand on to meet the requirements of this group, OGC and implementers with respect to compliance testing. E.g., exercising the functions with all relevant Geometry types. |
2105 | Project Work Items | All | <ul><li> Contacting implementers issue walked through </li><li>	Suggestion from MB: send out mail to W3C mailinglists? (Spatial data on the web, Semantic Web, etc.) [(**Action 1**)](#action_1)</li></ul> |
2115 | 1.0 rules in RIF | TH | Question from JA: Do we need to keep adding more RIF rules?<br/> At the time of working on version 1.0, RIF was expected to take off, so it made sense to express the rules using it. However, this hasnâ€™t eventuated.<br/> MP pointed out that it provides an unambiguous manner of expressing the rules.<br/> In the absence of a well used alternative, it still makes sense from this perspective. |
2122 | DGGSLiteral | RG | RG has added more detail to the DGGSLiteral issue to describe TestBed advancements in DGGS that may be relevant |
2127 | Admin | JA | [(**Action 2**)](#action_2) |
2130 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
<span name="action_1">#1</span> | Send email to W3C Spatial Data on the Web Working Group mailing list to inform them of the revision of GeoSPARQL | JA | Next Meeting |
<span name="action_2">#2</span> | copy all correct GoToMeeting URLs into meeting requests | JA | 14/01/2021 |
