# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 11/03/2021

**Meeting Time:** 1530 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Gabriela Wiersma | GW |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Frans Knibbe | FK |
Matthias Bonduel | MB |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Krzysztof Janowicz | KJ |
Peter Vretanos | PV |
Robert Gibb | RG |

## Note Takers
- KJ
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |
Y | NC takes care of mistakes in ASCIIDoc Conversion and missing images. Documentation should be discussed altogether at the end | NC | Next Meeting |
Y | NC proposes a fix for the DGGS Literal | NC | Next Meeting |
Y | TH leads efforts to define SQL/CQL to GeoSPARQL mappings as annex to GeoSPARQL | TH | - |
Y | NC to put a pull request | NC | Next meeting |
Y | NC to send a note to implementers | NC | Next meeting |
Y | Get volunteers for translation, NC to add a note | NC | Next meeting |

## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1533 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<br>- None known<br/><br/>Roll Call<br/>- Attendees recorded in minutes<br/>- Attendees confirmed vocally |
<br/> | GeoLD Paper | NC | - Nick is looking to get a conference paper together for GeoLOD  (https://dice-group.github.io/GeoLD2021/) as a way of advertising the new edition of GeoSPARQL to a relevant community<br/>- He’s hoping to cover off on the new things being added to GeoSPARQL 1.1.<br/> - Paper is due 15th March 2021<br/>- Keen to summarise the additions and provide some background on why those things have been added, drawn from the white paper, recent OGC testbeds, etc. |
<br/> | Issues without milestone | FK | - There have been a number of new issues added since we started working on the standard, which have not been assigned a Milestone (e.g., GeoSPARQL 11)<br/>(**Action 1**) |
<br/> | GeoSPARQL Implementations | NC | Implementation of the standards<br/>- Combine emergency data information, e.g., on wildfires. This will include harmonization. We (NC+SC) use GeoSPARQL version 1.1.. Mix of standards including DGGS and GeoJSON. Need to prepare spatial querying functions for these literal types<br/>- Python GeoSPARQL: https://github.com/RDFLib/rdflib-geosparql/ <br/>- Will include work as part of the Jena framework that now also supports GeoSPARQL.<br/>- Five people working on this full-time. We will have a public endpoint for the emergency data very soon.<br/>- In addition to an endpoint, there will also be a Linked Data API.<br/>- Time variance will be the next big step, e.g., for GeoSPARQL 2.0<br/>-MB: Strabon paper st-sparql including temporality for wildfires in Greece: http://link.springer.com/10.1007/978-3-642-35176-1_19 and https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1570826814000031 <br/>- NC: use OWL Time. Allan interval algebra could be integrated to support temporal functions.<br/>- RG: merge owl-time with spatial operations<br/>- KJ: Spatial and temporal scoping may also be of interest to GeoSPARQL 2.0<br/>- NC: Temporal reference systems<br/>- FK: What about discrete global grid systems? There are already tickets, which have been completed, that explore DGGS Literals.<br/>- MB: already ticket for adapting getSRID function to SRS terminology?<br/>- RG: RSID as a combination of spatial and temporal RS IDs.<br/>- TH: need for SPARQL extension function to transform geometry between two SRS?<br/>- NC: function to transform between geometry serializations?<br/>- TH: generic function versus many different pair-wise functions.<br/>- Two issues SRS transformation and serialization transformation<br/>(**Action 2**)|
<br/> | GeoSPARQL Compliance Benchmark | TH | Presentation of GeoSPARQL benchmark: what and when? Nothing new to report.|
1617 | Review of new issues | JA | - Comments on issues of 1.1 versus 2.0<br/>- NC, KJ, JA: discussion on issue #83 on spatial measures.<br/>- NC we need to push a bit deeper beyond simple comment to address this.<br/>- NC should be 1.1<br/>- Rename SpatialMeasure [#103](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/103)<br/>- KJ Metrically defined topological relations  → Egenhofer and Celementini and others have shown for years the need for going beyond crisp RC8 relations and they may be worth investigating at some stage. Maybe 1.2<br/>- FK: [#43](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/43) multi-language support → content negotiation<br/>- PI Yes to content negotiation<br/>- NC, JA, KJ: how to support different languages in the GeoSPARQL ontology.<br/>- NC: just annotations so far. There is more here and a lot of research would have to go into this.<br/>- MB: To keep in sync only update other languages than English after milestones.<br/>- RG: Are there any parallels with the TC211 multi-lingual glossary of Terms and the supporting software geolexica? cf https://www.isotc211.org/ for lunks to both<br/>- NC +JA: Do it for 1.1<br/>- KJ to do Polish and German<br/>- FK: to do Dutch<br/>- GW: to do  Portuguese<br/>- FK: [#42](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/42) → moved to discovery and 1.2 or 2.0<br/>- MB+JA: How do we deal with RDF* and SPARQL* → moved to questions<br/>- More on geometries and their representation beyond literals → 2.0<br/>- MB [#26](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/26) FK widen applications beyond geographic data (3D, any geometry format, binary formats). Might need to implement a restriction to max 1 serialisation per geometry instance  (breaking change) for adding metadata (SRS, number of vertices, etc.) regarding the geometry serialisation. -> 2.0  |
<br/> | OGC API - Features - Part 5: Search | PV | - https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogcapi-features/tree/master/proposals/search<br/>- MB asks about relations to grlc: https://github.com/CLARIAH/grlc => more focused on SPARQL only while OGC API is broader (SQL, CQL, SPARQL, etc) |
1707 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1 | JA to add a standing item to the agenda to review the new issues and assign a milestone | JA | Next Meeting |
2 | FK to create issues for SRS transformation and serialisation transformation | FK | Next Meeting |
