# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 30/06/2021

**Meeting Time:** 1530 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Frans Knibbe | FK |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Paul Cripps | PC |
Simon Cox | SC |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Robert Gibb | RG |
Peter Vretanos | PV |


## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |


## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1535 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<br>- None known<br/><br/>Roll Call<br/>- Attendees recorded in minutes<br/>- Attendees confirmed vocally |
1536 | Run through of Pull Requests | JA | PC [#171](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/171). Still more work to do.<br/>Marked as draft.<br/>TH [#168](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/168) additionally reviewed by SC during meeting and approved. Merged. <br/>FK [#155](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/155) has been submitted. There are a couple of changes requested. Should be ready for second review shortly. <br/>FK [#136](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/136) awaiting review by NC. FK giving it a quick review for currency.<br/>NC[#152](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/152).<br/>JA granted repository write access to MB to enable that.<br/>PR awaiting for some things to be added by MB.<br/>NC to summarise the differing viewpoints on relationship between hasGeometry and hasSerialization e.g., should there be a restriction of one serialization per geometry.<br/>Group to review, and in particular review and agree on a view on hasGeometry and hasSerialization as described above.<br/>Time boxed to July 14.<br/>[#68](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/68) Needs an update for currency. Marked as draft for now.<br/>NC [#165](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/165) |
1600 | Run through Issues | All | [#98](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/98) has an example in the document, and meets the requirements of a discovery. Issue closed.<br/>FK to create an issue that outlines first suggestions for modularity. |
1615 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1 | Create an issue that outlines first suggestions for modularity | FK | Next Meeting |
