# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 10/02/2021

**Meeting Time:** 2030 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Krzysztof Janowicz | KJ |
Mathias Bonduel | MB |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Paul Cripps | PC |
Peter Vretanos | PV |
Robert Gibb | RG |
Simon Cox | SC |
Timo Homburg | TH |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
Y | Remove redundancy in labels and comments, replace DC with DC terms, and moving attributions up to the ontology level | NC | Next Meeting |
Y | Contact Scott Simmons to work out how attribution should work in the ontology. Examples: OGC Standards (listing editors) and DCAT (https://github.com/w3c/dxwg/blob/gh-pages/dcat/rdf/dcat2.ttl) | JA | Next Meeting |
Y | Send the commands for using asciidoctor to create the ontology in PDF and HTML | JA | Next Meeting |
Y | Add KJ (kjano) as a review for https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/72 | JA | Done in Meeting |
Y | Use safunctions in the path segment on https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/57 | TH | Next Meeting |
N | Finalise work on https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/52 and submit for review | NC | Next Meeting |
Y | Send through some names. **From KJ:** Timo, Blake Regalia could come to mind, Carsten Kessler, Tomi Kauppinen, maybe Simon Scheider | KJ | Done in Meeting |

## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
2030 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents <BR/> - None known <BR/> Roll Call <BR/> - Attendees recorded in minutes |
2037 | Changing CI Default Branch | TH | - CI creates a copy of the source files in the gh-pages branch, and compiles the outputs there. We’d like to link to the index page generated from the README.md in master so that people can see the published working <BR/> - **Decision**: We’ll keep working on master, enable GitHub Pages, and link to the index.html from that in the README.md (*Action 1*) |
2048 | Pull Requests | All | - Reviewers for https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/79 on deck (*Action 2*) <BR/> - https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/52 (*Actions 3, 4, 5, and 6*) |
2111 | OGC API Features Search | PV | Raising awareness of the following proposal for search in the OGC API Features SWG. https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogcapi-features/tree/master/proposals/search (*Actions 7 and 8*) |
2114 | GeoSPARQL to CQL Mapping | TH | https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/44 raised to create the mapping. https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/68 implements it, needs a reviewer (*Action 9*) |
2118 | Contacting Vendors | NC | Issue https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/59 needs some love (*Actions 10 and 11*) |
2125 | GeoSPARQL Benchmark | TH | GeoSPARQL Benchmark to presented here: http://www.lotico.com/index.php/Semantic_GeoSpatial_Web_-_Use_Cases_Workshop (*Action 12*) |
2128 | DGGSLiteral implementations | NC | PR for DGGS Literal is being implemented as extensions for Jena/Fuseki and GraphDB |
2130 | Conformance Classes | MB | Need conformance classes (*Action 13*)
2139 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1 | Link to the gh-pages index.html from master README.md (https://opengeospatial.github.io/ogc-geosparql/) | JA | Next Meeting |
2 | Review https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/79 | SC | Next Meeting |
3 | Add relevant members from other SWGs as reviews for https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/52 | PV | Next Meeting |
4 | Add RG to Github members | JA | Next Meeting |
5 | Add reviewers for https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/52 | NC | Next Meeting |
6 | Finalise work on https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/52 and submit for review | NC | Next Meeting |
7 | Review the OGC API Features search proposal | NC, TH | Next Meeting |
8 | Demo the features API using geosparql examples | NC | Next Meeting |
9 | Review GeoSPARQL to CQL Mapping | PV | Next Meeting |
10 | Update the Vendor list in https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/59. There’s a few vendors the list of compliant vendors that haven’t been contacted yet | NC | Next Meeting |
11 | Create a template email for contacting vendors to confirm contacts and let them know what’s happening in the SWG | NC | Next Meeting |
12 | Organise a presentation of the GeoSPARQL Benchmark at Geosemantics DWG | JA | Next Meeting |
13 | Work up a set of conformance classes for v1.1, with MP as one of the reviewers | NC | Next Meeting |
