# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 25/03/2021

**Meeting Time:** 1530 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Linda van den Brink | LV |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Frans Knibbe | FK |
Matthias Bonduel | MB |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Paul Cripps | PC |
Robert Gibb | RG |
Simon Cox | SC |
Dimitris Kotzinos | DK |


## Note Takers
- KJ
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |
Y | JA to add a standing item to the agenda to review the new issues and assign a milestone | JA | Next Meeting |
Y | FK to create issues for SRS transformation and serialisation transformation | FK | Next Meeting |

## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1530 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
<br/> | Run through issues marked as GeoSPARQL 1.1 | NC | <ul><li>We decided to clean up Iteration 1 to show status on issues that are addressed by GeoSPARQL 1.1</li><li>All items where work has been completed were moved to done and archived in the Iteration 1 project</li><li>All items which were non-Normative were moved from Iteration 1 and the GeoSPARQL 1.1 milestone. A new project, not tied to a Milestone, was created called Non-normative. All non-normative issues were moved to this project.</li></ul> |
<br/> | Next steps | All | <ul><li> T1 Review of expected 1.1 updates from the SWG Charter</li><li> T1 Initial Translations</li><li> T2 A SHACL validator for 1.1 RDF</li><li> T2 Requests for new namespaces to the Naming Authority</li><li> T3 Notification of 1.1 for testing to be sent to implementers</li><li> T3 Start OAB review process</li><li> T4 Start Public Comment period</li><li> T5 Respond to controversial feedback</li><li> T6 Respond to non-controversial feedback</li><li> T6 Start the TC vote</li></ul> |
1713 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
