# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 19/05/2021

**Meeting Time:** 1530 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Paul Cripps | PC |
Peter Vretano | PV |

## Note Takers
- NC

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |


## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1538 | Intro | NC | Call for Patents<br>- None known<br/><br/>Roll Call<br/>- Attendees recorded in minutes<br/>- Attendees confirmed vocally |
1539 | Run through of Pull Requests | NC | - NC expects to put in two more PRs: <br/>- Propose new way of handing DGGS SRSes by using literal types<br7>- Examples and heading link updates<br/>- TH<br/>Some example are missing<br/>Follow-up on Annex C<br/> - not all property & function pairs exist<br/>- Aligning functions & properties<br/>- TH & NC: discussion of vendor implementations |
1554 | Reduced Level of Headings | NC | NC proposes to reduced level of headings for Annexes in th ToC - PV agrees (**Action 1**)|
1556 | Run through Issues | NC | - NC: Issue 142 appears out of scope for 1.1, TH agrees<br/>- TH Issues #98 is still open and needs discussion<br/>- Long discussion about a Measure class as a more generic version of SpatialMeasure<br/>- NC: to make a PR for Measure class + examples of use e.g. hasSpatialResolution |
1618 | Other point | NC | - Vendor notification<br/>- SRS property still needs to be removed (**Action 2**) |
1623 | Time table | NC | NC: A review of our expected timetable for standard release indicates we need to make a SHACL validator: to be done when 1.1 ontology stable |
1625 | Testbed 17 | NC | Discussion about TB17 and Model Driven Standards<br/> - NC hopes to present an unofficial version of GeoSPARQL 1.1 to the group made by model generation tools which may indicate how GeoSPARQL 1.2 or 2.0 is made. |
1633 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1 | NC to put in a PR to update to ToC (as Ingo) | NC | Next Meeting |
2 | Create a pull request to remove the inSRS property | TH | Next Meeting |
