# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 05/05/2021

**Meeting Time:** 1530 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Frans Knibbe | FK |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Simon Cox | SC |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |

## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1540 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
1542 | Run through of open issues | All | Issue: Missing license [#60](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/60)<ul><li>Tasks created for Nick and Jo, in the ticket<br/>Issue: What is hasSpatialResolution range [#98](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/98)</li><li>Work on this ticket is Done, awaiting PR review [#122](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/122)<br/> Issue: Include all functions already described in Simple Features for SQL [#11](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/11) <ul><li>Assigned to JA to add to Annex C (make generic, and add table)</li><li>Work complete, awaiting PR review</li></ul>Issue: Additional GeoSPARQL requirements from Loc-I project [#33](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/33) <ul><li> Work outlined in the ticket is done, but there is outstanding work added during the commentary of the ticket that needs to be captured in a new issue (DONE)</li><li> Letâ€™s get approval from the requestor to close this issue (Simon Cox)</li></ul>Issue: Add a list of 1.1 New Features to the Revision history section [#114](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/114) <ul><li>Work complete, awaiting PR review</li></ul> Issue: Fix figure annotations in 8.18.1. B.1 Example Data [#90](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/90) <ul><li>Work complete, awaiting PR review</li></ul>Issue: Add examples of all New Features to Annex B [#121](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/121) <br/> Issue: Update the CHANGELOG in the spec [#95](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/95) <ul><li>Work complete, awaiting PR review</li></ul>Issue: RDF examples [#122](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/122)<ul><li> Discussed, particularly the inSRS property, and implications caused for DGGS</li><li>Resolution looks to be defining DGGS literals more specifically</li></ul> Issue: Add concepts for accuracies and tolerances and What is hasSpatialResolution range [#98](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/98) <ul><li>Resolution/accuracy metrics issue has also come up in DCAT revision - see [#1266](https://github.com/w3c/dxwg/issues/1266) and [#15](https://github.com/SEMICeu/GeoDCAT-AP/issues/15) The DQV vocabulary is very flexible, but also rather abstract</li></ul>Issue: Which conventions to use for ontology annotation and metadata? [#63](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/63) <br/> Closed completed issues |
1640 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
