# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 20/10/2021

**Meeting Time:** 1530 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Paul Cripps | PC |
Robert Gibb | RG |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |


## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1545 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
1550 | Meeting time | JA | Resolved to keep the meeting time at 2030 UTC on Wednesdays |
1551 | Run through of Pull Requests | JA | <ul><li>PC [#219](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/219). <ul><li>Created issue [#230](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/230) to capture the outcomes, and need to contact the SHACL Shapes mailing list for guidance on known issues</li></ul></li><li>[#136](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/136) Update geo.ttl: redefine ontology terms for DGGS<ul><li>Notes captured in [#112](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/112)</li><li>Broad agreement from the group. Need to capture in Github.</li><li>FK to reply to thread in [#112](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/112). If there is disagreement, weâ€™ll put a vote out to the group.</li></ul></li></ul> |
1610 | What's left | All | <ul><li>Backlog was groomed</li><li> GeometryCollections of GeometryCollections?<ul><li>ACTION: FK to review solution proposed.</li><li>ACTION: NC to implement proposed solution, and FK to review PR.</li></ul></li><li>Created issue [#231](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/231) to handle projection.</li><li>Need to discuss issue [#228](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/228)</li></ul> |
1655 | No other business | JA | |
1655 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
