# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 21/04/2021

**Meeting Time:** 1530 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Frans Knibbe | FK |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Paul Cripps | PC |
Gabriela Wiersma | GW |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |
Y | Create a task list of outstanding terms that need definitions, and the group will work together to address the task list | FK | Next Meeting |
N | Working with University of Polytechnic (Madrid) and the Open Data Institute, who have create a resource for publishing semantically available licenses | NC | Next Meeting |
Y | Publish links to the Github repository in both GeoSPARQL standard landing page and the GeoSPARQL SWG landing page | JA | Next Meeting |
N | Will add some examples for spatial resolution range to Annex B, and use to drive feedback | SC | Next Meeting |
Y | Making a list of functions from Simple Features spec | PV | Next Meeting |
Y | Work outlined in the requirements from loc-I project ticket is done, but there is outstanding work added during the commentary of the ticket that needs to be captured in a new issue | NC | Next Meeting |

## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1530 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<br>- None known<br/><br/>Roll Call<br/>- Attendees recorded in minutes<br/>- Attendees confirmed vocally |
1537 | Issue Discussion | JA | Issue: Include all functions already described in Simple Features for SQL [#11](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/11)<br/>- Table created by TH<br/>- Discovery work complete.<br/>- Removing Discovery label, shifting to Done in iteration 1 project, added to Non-normative project.<br/>- Assigned to JA to add to Annex C (make generic, and add table)<br/>Issue: Additional GeoSPARQL requirements from Loc-I project [#33](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/33)<br/>- Let’s get approval from the requestor to close this issue (Simon Cox)<br/>Closed completed issues |
1628 | OGC Naming Authority | FK | Question: Does the OGC Naming Authority have document links for their specifications?<br/>Answer (NC): Believe that every specification now has a persistent identifier. OGC Documents. http://www.opengis.net/def/docs |
1631 | GeoLD Workshop Paper | NC | NC/TH [Paper](https://github.com/surroundaustralia/geosparql11-geold-paper) accepted by [GeoLD Workshop](https://dice-group.github.io/GeoLD2021/) in the European Semantic Web Conference<br/>FK [position paper](https://easychair.org/conferences/submission_download?track=270402;submission=5351153;a=26052672;upload=112378) also accepted by the workshop.<br/>NC Paper also accepted by the workshop. Talks about GeoSPARQL 1.1 proposed standard in use. |
<br/> | GeoSPARQL Compliance Benchmark | TH | Presentation of GeoSPARQL benchmark: what and when? Nothing new to report.|
1617 | Review of new issues | JA | - Comments on issues of 1.1 versus 2.0<br/>- NC, KJ, JA: discussion on issue #83 on spatial measures.<br/>- NC we need to push a bit deeper beyond simple comment to address this.<br/>- NC should be 1.1<br/>- Rename SpatialMeasure [#103](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/103)<br/>- KJ Metrically defined topological relations  → Egenhofer and Celementini and others have shown for years the need for going beyond crisp RC8 relations and they may be worth investigating at some stage. Maybe 1.2<br/>- FK: [#43](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/43) multi-language support → content negotiation<br/>- PI Yes to content negotiation<br/>- NC, JA, KJ: how to support different languages in the GeoSPARQL ontology.<br/>- NC: just annotations so far. There is more here and a lot of research would have to go into this.<br/>- MB: To keep in sync only update other languages than English after milestones.<br/>- RG: Are there any parallels with the TC211 multi-lingual glossary of Terms and the supporting software geolexica? cf https://www.isotc211.org/ for lunks to both<br/>- NC +JA: Do it for 1.1<br/>- KJ to do Polish and German<br/>- FK: to do Dutch<br/>- GW: to do  Portuguese<br/>- FK: [#42](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/42) → moved to discovery and 1.2 or 2.0<br/>- MB+JA: How do we deal with RDF* and SPARQL* → moved to questions<br/>- More on geometries and their representation beyond literals → 2.0<br/>- MB [#26](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/26) FK widen applications beyond geographic data (3D, any geometry format, binary formats). Might need to implement a restriction to max 1 serialisation per geometry instance  (breaking change) for adding metadata (SRS, number of vertices, etc.) regarding the geometry serialisation. -> 2.0  |
1637 | GeoSPARQL Compliance Benchmark Software Paper | TH | Paper that describes the GeoSPARQL Benchmark software in detail: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2665963821000191?via=ihub |
1640 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |

