<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 19/05/2021</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2030 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>Attendee | Moniker |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Timo Homburg</td>
          <td>TH</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Nicholas Car</td>
          <td>NC</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Paul Cripps</td>
          <td>PC</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Peter Vretano</td>
          <td>PV</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>NC</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>
<p>Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>| —- | —- | — |</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>
<p>Time | Item | Who | Notes |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>2038</td>
          <td>Intro</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>Call for Patents&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;None known&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;Roll Call&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees recorded in minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees confirmed vocally&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2039</td>
          <td>Run through of Pull Requests</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC expects to put in two more PRs: &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Propose new way of handing DGGS SRSes by using literal types&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt; Examples and heading link updates&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt; TH&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Some example are missing&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Follow-up on Annex C&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;not all property &amp; function pairs exist&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Aligning functions &amp; properties&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH &amp; NC: discussion of vendor implementations&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2054</td>
          <td>Reduced Level of Headings</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>NC proposes to reduced level of headings for Annexes in the ToC - PV agrees <a href="#action_1">(<strong>Action 1</strong>)</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2056</td>
          <td>Run through Issues</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: Issue 142 appears out of scope for 1.1, TH agrees&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt; TH Issues #98 is still open and needs discussion&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Long discussion about a Measure class as a more generic version of SpatialMeasure&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: to make a PR for Measure class + examples of use e.g. hasSpatialResolution&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2118</td>
          <td>Other point</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Vendor notification&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;SRS property still needs to be removed <a href="#action_2">(<strong>Action 2</strong>)</a>&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2123</td>
          <td>Time table</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>NC: A review of our expected timetable for standard release indicates we need to make a SHACL validator: to be done when 1.1 ontology stable</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2125</td>
          <td>Testbed 17</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>Discussion about TB17 and Model Driven Standards&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC hopes to present an unofficial version of GeoSPARQL 1.1 to the group made by model generation tools which may indicate how GeoSPARQL 1.2 or 2.0 is made.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2133</td>
          <td> </td>
          <td> </td>
          <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>
<p># | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td><span name="action_1">1</span></td>
          <td>NC to put in a PR to update to ToC (as Ingo)</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td><span name="action_2">2</span></td>
          <td>Create a pull request to remove the inSRS property</td>
          <td>TH</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>
