<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 25/08/2021</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2030 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>Attendee | Moniker |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Timo Homburg</td>
          <td>TH</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
          <td>JA</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Matthew Perry</td>
          <td>MP</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Frans Knibbe</td>
          <td>FK</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Robert Gibb</td>
          <td>RG</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>
<p>Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>| —- | —- | — |</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>
<p>Time | Item | Who | Notes |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>2038</td>
          <td>Intro</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Call for Patents&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;None known&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;Roll Call&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees recorded in minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees confirmed vocally&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2040</td>
          <td>Run through of Pull Requests</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/186">#186</a> Internal IRIs &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK: unclear if NC has finished editing.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;JA: It’s out of Draft, so I presume it’s done.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK and MP to review and approve/comment.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Relation of CQL to GeoSPARQL <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/68">#68</a>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH: Ready for review. Can include in 1.1 or 1.2.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK: Should this actually be part of the standard? It’s a best practice, and we’ll see more of these between standard revisions.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Broad agreement it should be separate.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="#action_1">(<strong>Action 1</strong>)</a>&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Terms &amp; Defs vocab <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/165">#165</a>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK: This PR was superseded by <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/193">#193</a>, which has been merged.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK to add notes to the PR indicating as such., ACTION: JA to close and link the PR&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;adding a bunch of shapes <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/173">#173</a>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH: One outstanding correction re FeatureCollection and Feature, but MB is on holidays.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;JA: Recommend that either we approve this PR and make another to correct the outstanding issue, or branch from this PR, make the correction and create a PR for master.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;ACTION: TH and NC to approve&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;ACTION: TH to make another PR to correct the relationship in question.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/195">#195</a> Remove SpatialMeasure &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;ACTION: FK to Rename to Remove SpatialMeasure&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;ACTION: FK and NC to complete remaining work on PR&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/136">#136</a> Update geo.ttl: redefine ontology terms for DGGS&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH: proposal is to define DGGS object as a subclass of SpatialObject&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK: we can end up with some semantic contradictions if we define DGGS object as a Geometry&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;ACTION: NC and FK to agree on a way, capture the conversation and solution in the PR, and submit for review by TH, RG, NC and MP.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2119</td>
          <td>Other business</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;JA to progress <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/60">#60</a>&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;JA to update <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/149">#149</a>&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Issue created for the maintenance of Shapes that will not become part of the standard: <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/196">#196</a>&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2133</td>
          <td> </td>
          <td> </td>
          <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>
<p># | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td><span name="action_1">1</span></td>
          <td>TH to create a best practice folder at the root of the geosparql repository. Each best practice should indicate which versions of what standards it applies to, and if it supersedes or is superseded by another best practice.</td>
          <td>TH</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

