<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 17/11/2021</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2030 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>Attendee | Moniker |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Timo Homburg</td>
          <td>TH</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Matthew Perry</td>
          <td>MP</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Nicholas Car</td>
          <td>NC</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Robert Gibb</td>
          <td>RG</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Paul Cripps</td>
          <td>PC</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>
<p>Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>| —- | —- | — |</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>
<p>Time | Item | Who | Notes |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>2035</td>
          <td>Intro</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Call for Patents&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;None known&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;Roll Call&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees recorded in minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees confirmed vocally&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2037</td>
          <td>GeoSPARQL 1.1 Paper</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>Paper submitted</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2037</td>
          <td>Run through PRs</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/237">#237</a> MP to review&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/236">#236</a> MP to review&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/235">#235</a> MP to review: Need to create a new issue for 3D Geometry examples - NC to create&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/234">#234</a> &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC to solicit feedback from authors of aligned ontologies&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Would be a good idea to provide machine processable mappings in RDF after stabilizing alignments&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Looking for other ontologies to align&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;PC to create an issue for non-geometric relations for GeoSPARQL 1.2&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH - some missing ontologies - wikidata, linked geo data, open street map, inspire - TH to have a look&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/233">#233</a> &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH - work in progress. Happy to have contributions.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC - good to have a link to community repository&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/219">#219</a> MP and NC to review&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/136">#136</a> No more work to do at the moment&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td><br /></td>
          <td>Run through issues</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Skipping issues for FK&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/65">#65</a> NC: closed do to duplicate issue&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/15">#15</a> NC: will be closed automatically&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/43">#43</a> To be done once we are closer to the finish, Leaning towards separate .ttl files for each language&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/203">#203</a> NC to add his comment to the spec&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/230">#230</a> &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Need a paragraph on how to apply SHACL&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH and NC to handle and close issue&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: Could add SHACL validation examples to examples appendix&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/231">#231</a> Consensus is to add a single multi-purpose function&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2139</td>
          <td>Other business</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;TC211&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Why doesn’t the TC consider co-publishing the next version of GeoSPARQL (1.2)?&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Need to ask if this group is ok with co-publishing&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;TC has certain rules for ISO requirements&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;The change should only be for formatting&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC to send mail to mailing list&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH: writing proposal for GeoLD workshop for ESWC: Need some people on the PC&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2158</td>
          <td> </td>
          <td> </td>
          <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>
<p># | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>| —- | —- | —- |</li>
</ul>
