<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 15/12/2021</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2030 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>Attendee | Moniker |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
          <td>JA</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Timo Homburg</td>
          <td>TH</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Matthew Perry</td>
          <td>MP</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Frans Knibbe</td>
          <td>FK</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Linda van den Brink</td>
          <td>LV</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Nicholas Car</td>
          <td>NC</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>
<p>Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>| —- | —- | — |</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>
<p>Time | Item | Who | Notes |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>2037</td>
          <td>Intro</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Call for Patents&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;None known&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;Roll Call&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees recorded in minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees confirmed vocally&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2040</td>
          <td> </td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;CRS Ontology&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Good to have an OGC CRS Ontology to accompany the standard. We will work on setting up a focused conversation with a focusing question, to put to the CRS and Geosemantics DWGs. <a href="#action_1">(<strong>Action 1</strong>)</a>&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Next Meeting: January 12&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;The Approval Process: How to write release notes <a href="#action_2">(<strong>Action 2</strong>)</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2045</td>
          <td>Run through Pull Requests and Issues</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>-</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2212</td>
          <td>Other business</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>Functions that generalize (lower precision, etc.,), have these been defined sufficiently?</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2219</td>
          <td> </td>
          <td> </td>
          <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>
<p># | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td><span name="action_1">1</span></td>
          <td>FK to hold a focused conversation in the Geosemantics DWGs.</td>
          <td>FK</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td><span name="action_2">2</span></td>
          <td>JA to ask OGC if there’s a standard way to show change notes. If not, we’ll put a dot point form Release Note alongside the standard that refers to the paper.</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>
