<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 27/01/2021</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2030 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>Attendee | Moniker |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Gabriella Wiersma</td>
          <td>GW</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
          <td>JA</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Krzysztof Janowicz</td>
          <td>KJ</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Matthew Perry</td>
          <td>MP</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Nicholas Car</td>
          <td>NC</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Timo Homburg</td>
          <td>TH</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>
<p>Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Y</td>
          <td>Send email to W3C Spatial Data on the Web Working Group mailing list to inform them of the revision of GeoSPARQL</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Y</td>
          <td>copy all correct GoToMeeting URLs into meeting requests</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>14/01/2021</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>
<p>Time | Item | Who | Notes |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>2030</td>
          <td>Intro</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Call for Patents <br /> - None known <br /> Roll Call <br /> - Attendees recorded in minutes</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2037</td>
          <td>Attribution in Ontologies</td>
          <td>KJ</td>
          <td>- Seems like every predicate is attributed, which seems like overkill and potentially causes issues with people racing to commit <br /> - Discussion in group: let’s use a rolled up whole of standard attribution and leave it at that. This mimics the paper based standards, and other standard standards practice. (<em>Actions 1 and 2</em>)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2048</td>
          <td>Pull Requests</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>- https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/78 adds a continuous integration process that validates our TTL files, and provides a landing page for them using pyLODE. We would preferably use asciidoctor to create the ontology. (<em>Action 3</em>) <br /> - https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/72 (<em>Action 4</em>) <br /> - https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/57 (<em>Action 5</em>) <br /> - https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/52 (<em>Action 6</em>)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2122</td>
          <td>Issues</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>- https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/12: TH has put together https://github.com/situx/proj4rdf for a related project, and recommended it in the issue. <br /> - Question about geof:buffer (and other functions with ogc:geomLiteral, … -&gt; ogc:geomLiteral). Expectation from users in that output subclass will match input subclass for geomLiteral. Not expected to test other subclasses, but the standard doesn’t currently make a change in geomLiteral subclass non-compliant. <br /> - Can we get a list of reviews to TH for the GeoSPARQL Benchmark. (<em>Action 7</em>)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2139</td>
          <td> </td>
          <td> </td>
          <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>
<p># | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>1</td>
          <td>Remove redundancy in labels and comments, replace DC with DC terms, and moving attributions up to the ontology level</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2</td>
          <td>Contact Scott Simmons to work out how attribution should work in the ontology. Examples: OGC Standards (listing editors) and DCAT (https://github.com/w3c/dxwg/blob/gh-pages/dcat/rdf/dcat2.ttl)</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>3</td>
          <td>Send the commands for using asciidoctor to create the ontology in PDF and HTML</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>4</td>
          <td>Add KJ (kjano) as a review for https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/72</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Done in Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>5</td>
          <td>Use safunctions in the path segment on https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/57</td>
          <td>TH</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>6</td>
          <td>Finalise work on https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/52 and submit for review</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>7</td>
          <td>Send through some names. <strong>From KJ:</strong> Timo, Blake Regalia could come to mind, Carsten Kessler, Tomi Kauppinen, maybe Simon Scheider</td>
          <td>KJ</td>
          <td>Done in Meeting</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>
