<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 30/06/2021</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2030 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>Attendee | Moniker |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Timo Homburg</td>
          <td>TH</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Matthew Perry</td>
          <td>MP</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Frans Knibbe</td>
          <td>FK</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
          <td>JA</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Paul Cripps</td>
          <td>PC</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Simon Cox</td>
          <td>SC</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Nicholas Car</td>
          <td>NC</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Robert Gibb</td>
          <td>RG</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Peter Vretanos</td>
          <td>PV</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>
<p>Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>| —- | —- | — |</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>
<p>Time | Item | Who | Notes |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>2035</td>
          <td>Intro</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Call for Patents&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;None known&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;Roll Call&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees recorded in minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees confirmed vocally&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2036</td>
          <td>Run through of Pull Requests</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;PC <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/171">#171</a>. Still more work to do.<br />Marked as draft.<br />&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/168">#168</a> additionally reviewed by SC during meeting and approved. Merged. &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/155">#155</a> has been submitted. There are a couple of changes requested. Should be ready for second review shortly. &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/136">#136</a> awaiting review by NC. FK giving it a quick review for currency.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/152">#152</a>.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;JA granted repository write access to MB to enable that.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;PR awaiting for some things to be added by MB.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC to summarise the differing viewpoints on relationship between hasGeometry and hasSerialization e.g., should there be a restriction of one serialization per geometry.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Group to review, and in particular review and agree on a view on hasGeometry and hasSerialization as described above.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Time boxed to July 14.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/68">#68</a> Needs an update for currency. Marked as draft for now.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/165">#165</a>&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2100</td>
          <td>Run through Issues</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td><a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/98">#98</a> has an example in the document, and meets the requirements of a discovery. Issue closed.<br />Create an issue that outlines first suggestions for modularity <a href="#action_1">(<strong>Action 1</strong>)</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2115</td>
          <td> </td>
          <td> </td>
          <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>
<p># | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td><span name="action_1">1</span></td>
          <td>Create an issue that outlines first suggestions for modularity</td>
          <td>FK</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>
