<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 20/10/2021</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2030 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>Attendee | Moniker |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Timo Homburg</td>
          <td>TH</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
          <td>JA</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Matthew Perry</td>
          <td>MP</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Nicholas Car</td>
          <td>NC</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Paul Cripps</td>
          <td>PC</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Robert Gibb</td>
          <td>RG</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>
<p>Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>| —- | —- | — |</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>
<p>Time | Item | Who | Notes |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>2045</td>
          <td>Intro</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Call for Patents&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;None known&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;Roll Call&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees recorded in minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Attendees confirmed vocally&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2050</td>
          <td>Meeting time</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Resolved to keep the meeting time at 2030 UTC on Wednesdays</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2051</td>
          <td>Run through of Pull Requests</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;PC <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/219">#219</a>. &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Created issue <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/230">#230</a> to capture the outcomes, and need to contact the SHACL Shapes mailing list for guidance on known issues&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/136">#136</a> Update geo.ttl: redefine ontology terms for DGGS&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Notes captured in <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/112">#112</a>&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Broad agreement from the group. Need to capture in Github.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK to reply to thread in <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/112">#112</a>. If there is disagreement, we’ll put a vote out to the group.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2110</td>
          <td>What’s left</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Backlog was groomed&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt; GeometryCollections of GeometryCollections?&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;ACTION: FK to review solution proposed.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;ACTION: NC to implement proposed solution, and FK to review PR.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Created issue <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/231">#231</a> to handle projection.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Need to discuss issue <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/228">#228</a>&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2155</td>
          <td>No other business</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td> </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2155</td>
          <td> </td>
          <td> </td>
          <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>
<p># | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>| —- | —- | —- |</li>
</ul>
