<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 07/04/2021</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2030 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>Attendee | Moniker |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
          <td>JA</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Timo Homburg</td>
          <td>TH</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Frans Knibbe</td>
          <td>FK</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Nicholas Car</td>
          <td>NC</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Matthew Perry</td>
          <td>MP</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Peter Vretanos</td>
          <td>PV</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>
<p>Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>| —- | —- | — |</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>
<p>Time | Item | Who | Notes |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>2030</td>
          <td>Intro</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Call for Patents<br />- None known<br /><br />Roll Call<br />- Attendees recorded in minutes<br />- Attendees confirmed vocally</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2050</td>
          <td>New Issues</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Issue: Make underlying definitions available on the semantic web <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/10">#10</a><br />(<strong>Action 1</strong>)<br />Issue: Missing license <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/60">#60</a><br />(** Action 2<strong>)<br />Issue: Increase SWG exposure: update GeoSPARQL landing page <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/39">#39</a><br />(</strong>Action 3<strong>)<br />Issue: What is hasSpatialResolution range <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/98">#98</a><br />(</strong>Action 4<strong>)<br />- Linked to <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/122">#122</a><br />Issue: Things that need references <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/81">#81</a><br />- Link to <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/10">#10</a> and move to Done<br />Issue: Include all functions already described in Simple Features for SQL <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/11">#11</a><br />(</strong>Action 5<strong>)<br />- Group will plan around when to do each, and if necessary create corresponding tickets for scheduling<br />Issue: Additional GeoSPARQL requirements from Loc-I project <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/33">#33</a><br />- Assigned to NC<br />(</strong>Action 6**)<br />- Once done, this issue can be closed.<br />Closed completed issues</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>1645</td>
          <td>Meeting time</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Agreed to shift the meeting time back an hour to EDT 16:30-18:00</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td><br /></td>
          <td>Next Steps</td>
          <td>All</td>
          <td>- T1 Review of expected 1.1 updates from the SWG Charter<br />- T1 Initial Translations<br />- T2 A SHACL validator for 1.1 RDF<br />- T2 Requests for new namespaces to the Naming Authority<br />- T3 Notification of 1.1 for testing to be sent to implementers<br />- T3 Start OAB review process<br />- T4 Start Public Comment period<br />- T5 Respond to controversial feedback<br />- T6 Respond to non-controversial feedback<br />- T6 Start the TC vote</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2153</td>
          <td> </td>
          <td> </td>
          <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>
<p># | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
—</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td>1</td>
          <td>Create a task list of outstanding terms that need definitions, and the group will work together to address the task list</td>
          <td>FK</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>2</td>
          <td>Working with University of Polytechnic (Madrid) and the Open Data Institute, who have create a resource for publishing semantically available licenses</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>3</td>
          <td>Publish links to the Github repository in both GeoSPARQL standard landing page and the GeoSPARQL SWG landing page</td>
          <td>JA</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>4</td>
          <td>Will add some examples for spatial resolution range to Annex B, and use to drive feedback</td>
          <td>SC</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>5</td>
          <td>Making a list of functions from Simple Features spec</td>
          <td>PV</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>6</td>
          <td>Work outlined in the requirements from loc-I project ticket is done, but there is outstanding work added during the commentary of the ticket that needs to be captured in a new issue</td>
          <td>NC</td>
          <td>Next Meeting</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </li>
</ul>

