# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 06/04/2022

**Meeting Time:** 1530 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Frans Knibbe | FK |
Nicholas Car | NC |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |


## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1537 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
1540 | Questions with OGC | JA | Issue [#112](https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/112) needs concrete resolution. As discussed at last meeting, this will be going to a 2 week email vote, as we were unable to achieve consensus during the session. |
1545 | Run through Pull Requests and Issues | All | - |
1710 | Other business | All | None |
1714 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
