# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 12/01/2022

**Meeting Time:** 1530 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Frans Knibbe | FK |
Linda van den Brink | LV |
Nicholas Car | NC |
Dimitris Kotzinos | DK |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |


## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1537 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
1540 | CRS Ontology and ISO TC | JA | <ul><li>CRS Ontology<ul><li>Discussion to occur in Geosemantics DWG on February 2 in the same time slot. [(**Action 1**)](#action_1) </li></ul></li><li>ISO TC211 putting out a notice to all members to put out a note for all members to participate in GeoSPARQL</li></ul> |
1545 | Run through Pull Requests and Issues | All | - |
1710 | Other business | All | None |
1710 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
<span name="action_1">1</span> | LV to arrange discussion slot in the Geosemantics DWG on February 2nd | LV | Next Meeting |
