# GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Details
**Meeting Date:** 15/06/2022

**Meeting Time:** 1500 UTC

**Meeting Location:** GoToMeeting  

## Attendees
Attendee | Moniker |
---- | ---- |
Joseph Abhayaratna | JA |
Timo Homburg | TH |
Matthew Perry | MP |
Nicholas Car | NC |

## Note Takers
- JA

## Action Items From Last Meetings
Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | --- |


## Discussion Items
Time | Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
1507 | Intro | JA | Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul> |
1509 | Pull Requests and Issues | All | Run through of PRs and Issues in Project. All comments and updates made in PRs and Issues. |
1533 | Other business | All | <ul><li>TH: Found a proposal for DEIMM9 for 3D. https://repository.tudelft.nl/islandora/object/uuid%3A09075b7e-e019-45f1-becc-cf8d7992b63b</li></ul> |
1536 | | | MEETING ENDS |

## Action Items
\# | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
