<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>

  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">

  <title>GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2021/09/08</title>
  <meta name="description" content="GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting MinutesMeeting DetailsMeeting Date: 22/09/2021">

  <link rel="stylesheet" href="/ogc-geosparql/css/main.css">
  <link rel="canonical" href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2021-09-08-notes/">
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page" href="/ogc-geosparql/feed.xml">
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.simplecss.org/simple.min.css">
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/jquery@3.6.4/dist/jquery.min.js"></script>
</head>


  <body>

    <header style="position:fixed;width:100%" id="topNav" class="site-header">
  <nav>
  <a href="#geosparql10">GeoSPARQL 1.0</a>
  <a href="#geosparql11">GeoSPARQL 1.1</a>
  <a href="#geosparql12">GeoSPARQL 1.2</a>
  <a href="#geosparql12">GeoSPARQL Development Draft</a>
  <a href="#relatedwork">Related Work</a>
  </nav>
  
  <h3>GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes 2021/09/08</h3>
  
</header>


    <div class="page-content" style="padding-top: 200px;">
      <div class="wrapper">
        
<article class="post" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/BlogPosting">

  <div class="post-content" itemprop="articleBody" markdown="1">
    

<h1 id="geosparql-standards-working-group-meeting-minutes">GeoSPARQL Standards Working Group Meeting Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="meeting-details">Meeting Details</h2>
<p><strong>Meeting Date:</strong> 22/09/2021</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Time:</strong> 2030 UTC</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Location:</strong> GoToMeeting</p>

<h2 id="attendees">Attendees</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Attendee</th>
      <th>Moniker</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Timo Homburg</td>
      <td>TH</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Joseph Abhayaratna</td>
      <td>JA</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Matthew Perry</td>
      <td>MP</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Frans Knibbe</td>
      <td>FK</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Nicholas Car</td>
      <td>NC</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Paul Cripps</td>
      <td>PC</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Robert Gibb</td>
      <td>RG</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="note-takers">Note Takers</h2>
<ul>
  <li>JA, MP</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-items-from-last-meetings">Action Items From Last Meetings</h2>

<p>| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| —- | —- | —- | — |</p>

<h2 id="discussion-items">Discussion Items</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Who</th>
      <th>Notes</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>2038</td>
      <td>Intro</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>Call for Patents<ul><li>None known</li></ul>Roll Call<ul><li>Attendees recorded in minutes</li><li>Attendees confirmed vocally</li></ul></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2040</td>
      <td>Actions for chairs</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;PC <a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/196">#196</a>. &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;We need a home for development of peripheral Shape Constraints, Ontologies, etc., that do not form part of the standard.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;The popular suggestion is the Geosemantics DWG, and its Github repositories.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;We have a 30 minute timeslot at the next DWG meeting to discuss it.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Meeting is Sep 15, 630-8am EDT, combined with the W3C Spatial Data on the Web Working Group&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="#action_1">(<strong>Action 1</strong>)</a>&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2044</td>
      <td>Run through of Pull Requests</td>
      <td>NC</td>
      <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/173">#173</a> &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: REGEX shapes are controversial&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: Leading space can be an issue with current REGEX and probably other issues&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH: Definitely need to handle whitespaces. Not sure if these should be in the standard - they certainly don’t validate WKT, GML, etc.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: Not intended to validate - just a simple check. Checking literals falls out of scope of GeoSPARQL.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;MP: Also feels that it is out of scope of GeoSPARQL to validate literal contents.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH: checking that e.g., asWKT points to a wktLiteral would be an in-scope rule.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: matching property with literal type is a valid check.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: Plan is to add property and literal type check but remove literal content regex checks.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/205">#205</a> &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: Ready to go except for some spacing issue&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: Bibtex merged&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/208">#208</a> &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;SC: .cff is for citing whole repo&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: Let’s leave the .cff in there and update as needed&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH: .cff is now natively supported by GitHub&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/136">#136</a> &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK: DGGS object view does not match geometry formal definition.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: DGGS literals project something on Earth and can act as geometries as far as GeoSPARQL is concerned&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK: Do functions work if the input is a mix of DGGS and WKT, for example.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: Such case can work - we can convert back and forth between non-DGGS and DGGS.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH: Supporting a mix is a requirement for GeoSPARQL 1.1&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: Most geometry conversions are lossy. Many WKT geometries cannot be converted to GeoJSON for example because of CRS incompatibilities.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: Will take a closer look at Frans’ comments.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2121</td>
      <td>What’s left</td>
      <td>JA, NC</td>
      <td>&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/164">#164</a> FK: Done&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/60">#60</a> JA: In progress&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/149">#149</a> JA: In progress&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/pull/165">#165</a> Issue removed from 1.1&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/63">#63</a> FK: Done&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/120">#120</a> &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK: Only a new module for DGGS&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: Let’s move 120 to done and create another to check modularization&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/204">#204</a> &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK: Why such a restrictive definition of hasLength? What about hasPerimeter?&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;General agreement to add hasPerimeter and relax definition of hasLength.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK to take a shot at rewording hasLength definition&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/181">#181</a> &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH: Found vocabulary from OGC-NA that can replace the one we came up with.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH: Can be done this week&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;JA: Moving 181 to “to do”&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/104">#104</a> &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: This is a valid issue to resolve&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;JA: Moving 104 to “to do”&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/133">#133</a> &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: I think we have addressed this because we have standardized the references&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC to work on 133&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/156">#156</a> JA: removing this from 1.1 projec&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/167">#167</a> NC: has been dealt with, and we can close it.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/199">#199</a> &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK: there are 2 candidates&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK: do the OGC versions match the ISO exactly?&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NC: I can check if they are the same and create a PR if they are&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/198">#198</a> &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK: aggregate functions should have a set as input, which should be represented in the function signature.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH: earlier we came to the conclusion that we do not really need to change the signature but do not exactly remember the reasoning&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;JA: will leave it in the backlog&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/200">#200</a> JA: Moving this one to “to do”&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/201">#201</a> &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;All: type of distance should be based on input CRS&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Agreement that this should be clearer in the spec.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK to make a PR&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Ontology for CRS is a good topic for GeoSemantics DWG discussion.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/197">#197</a> &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;FK: Simple Features does not support Circle type&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;TH: bigger issue is that we do not mandate what geometry types are returned from functions.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;JA: Moving this one to “to do” since bounding circle is new - we don’t want to create an issue.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;<a href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ogc-geosparql/issues/209">#209</a> JA: Moved to “to do”&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;   &lt;/ul&gt;</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2200</td>
      <td>Any other business?</td>
      <td>JA</td>
      <td> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2200</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td> </td>
      <td>MEETING ENDS</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2 id="action-items">Action Items</h2>

<p>| # | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| —- | —- | —- | —- |</p>
  </div>

</article>
<a href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2021-09-22-notes/">Previous</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="/ogc-geosparql/blog/2021-08-25-notes/">Next</a>
      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <h2 class="footer-heading">GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page</h2>

    <div class="footer-col-wrapper">
      <div class="footer-col footer-col-1">
        <ul class="contact-list">
          <li>GeoSPARQL Working Group Github Page</li>
          <li><a href="mailto:geosparql.swg@lists.opengeospatial.org">geosparql.swg@lists.opengeospatial.org</a></li>
        </ul>
      </div>

      <div class="footer-col footer-col-2">
        <ul class="social-media-list">
          <li>
            <a href="https://opengeospatial.github.io/ogc-geosparql/blog/">Meeting Notes</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>

      <div class="footer-col footer-col-3">
        <p>Rescources and development versions of the GeoSPARQL standard</p>
      </div>
    </div>

  </div>

</footer>


  </body>

</html>
